

Aldiss Lear 
Male human magus 9 (mindblade) 
LE Medium humanoid 
Init +6; Senses Perception +10 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Halfling 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 15, flat-footed 21 (+8 armor, +1 deflection, +4 Dex, +2 
natural) 
hp 74 (9 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +9, Will +9 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +4 short sword +16/+11 (1d6+9/19-20) or 
dual +3 short swords +13/+13/+8/+8 (1d6+8/19-20) 
Ranged +1 adaptive composite longbow +11/+6 (1d8+6/×3) 
Special Attacks dual weapons, psychic pool (13/day, +3 bonus), spell combat, spellstrike 
Magus Spells Known (CL 9
th, Concentration +18 or +22 with Combat Casting) 
3rd  (5/day) – excruciating deformation
B UM, gaseous form, haste, heart of the metalACG, heroism
B, mind 
thrust III
B OA, phantom steed 
2nd (6/day) – bladed dashISM, invisibility, mirror image, silence
B, storm of bladesPotS 
1
st  (7/day) – feather fall, mage armor, shield, shocking grasp, true strike 
0  (at-will) – arcane mark, dancing lights, detect magic, mage hand, open/close, prestidigitation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 20 (+5), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 24 (+7), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +11; CMD 26 
Feats Combat Casting, Craft Wondrous Item, Double Slice, Improved Two-Weapon Fighting, Two-Weapon 
Fighting
B, Weapon Focus (short sword) 
Skills Climb +15, Knowledge (arcana) +19, Knowledge (dungeoneering) +19, Knowledge (planes) +19, 
Perception +10, Ride +14, Spellcraft +19, Stealth +11, Swim +15; Armor Check Penalty –2 
SQ dual talent, magus arcana (accurate strike, spell shield, spell-scars), traits (focused mind, 
reactionary) 
Combat Gear durable arrows (30), spell-scars (bladed dash, heroism, invisibility, mirror image, silence); 
Other Gear +1 adaptive composite longbow, +2 mithral lamellar, amulet of natural armor +2, belt of 
physical might +4 (strength, dexterity), cloak of resistance +2, headband of vast intelligence +4 
(knowledge: dungeoneering, knowledge: planes), ring of protection +1, tender (45gp) 
Encumbrance light 133 lb., medium 266 lb., heavy 400 lb.; Weight Carried 28 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Accurate Strike (Ex) You can expend 2 points from your psychic pool as a swift action to resolve all of your 
melee weapon attacks until the end of your turn as melee touch attacks. 
Dual Weapons (Su) You can maintain two psychic weapons at a time or a psychic double weapon, though each 
weapon (or each end of a double weapon) has an enhancement bonus 1 lower than normal. When using 
two-weapon fighting with two psychic weapons or a psychic double weapon, you can use your spell 
combat ability as though you had a hand free. 
Focused Mind You gain a +2 trait bonus on concentration checks. 
Psychic Access (Su) You gain access to an expanded spell list. You possess four spells from the psychic class 
spell list on your magus spell list as magus spells of the same spell level. These must be spells of levels 
you are able to cast. Should you take the spell blending arcana, you gain spells from the psychic class 
spell list instead of the wizard spell list. 
Psychic Pool (Su) Your psychic pool has a number of points equal to ½ your magus level (minimum 1) + your 
Intelligence modifier. The pool refreshes each day. You can expend 1 point from your psychic pool as a 

standard action (or a swift action with rapid manifest) to manifest a light melee weapon of your choice, 
formed from psychic energy. By spending 2 points, you can manifest a one-handed melee weapon, and 
by spending 3 points, you can manifest a two-handed melee weapon (but not a double weapon). Your 
psychic weapon can last indefinitely, but it vanishes if it leaves your hand. You can dismiss a held 
psychic weapon as a free action. When a psychic weapon vanishes, you regain the psychic energy used 
to create it. You can maintain only one weapon at a time (but see dual weapons above). Your weapon 
counts as a magic weapon of whatever type you selected, with a +3 enhancement bonus. These bonuses 
can be used to add any of the following weapon properties: dancing, flaming, flaming burst, frost, icy 
burst, keen, shock, shocking burst, speed, or vorpal. Adding these properties consumes an amount of 
bonus equal to the property’s base price modifier. These properties are added to any the weapon already 
has, but duplicates do not stack. The weapon must maintain at least a +1 bonus to benefit from any 
weapon special abilities. This ability counts as arcane pool for the purpose of feats, abilities, and class 
features. 
Rapid Manifest (Su) You can manifest a psychic weapon as a swift action. 
Reactionary You gain a +2 trait bonus on initiative checks. 
Spell Combat (Ex) You can cast spells and wield your weapons at the same time. This functions much like 
two-weapon fighting, but the off-hand weapon is a spell that is being cast. To use this ability, you must 
have one hand free (even if the spell being cast does not have somatic components), while wielding a 
light or one-handed melee weapon in the other hand. As a full-round action, you can make all of your 
attacks with your melee weapon at a –2 penalty and can also cast any spell from the magus spell list with 
a casting time of 1 standard action (any attack roll made as part of this spell also takes this penalty). If 
you cast this spell defensively, you can decide to take an additional penalty on your attack rolls, up to 
your Intelligence bonus, and add the same amount as a circumstance bonus on your concentration check. 
If the check fails, the spell is wasted, but the attacks still take the penalty. You can choose to cast the 
spell first or make the weapon attacks first, but if you have more than one attack, you cannot cast the 
spell between weapon attacks. 
Spell Shield (Su) You can expend a point from your psychic pool as an immediate action to grant yourself a 
shield bonus to AC equal to your Intelligence bonus until the end of your next turn. 
Spell-Scars (Ex) You can use special scar-based tattoos called spell-scars on your skin to cast or prepare spells, 
much like scrolls. You can cast a spell from a spell-scar exactly like casting from a scroll; the ink and 
scars vanish when the spell is cast. You can also prepare spells from your spell-scars without expending 
them, similar to a wizard using the Spell Mastery feat. You do not need to be able to see your spell-scar 
to use it. You have room on your skin for 18 total spell levels of spell-scars, which you can create using 
the rules for scribing scrolls (although they do not require the Scribe Scroll feat). 
Spellstrike (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with a range of “touch” from the magus spell list, you can deliver 
the spell through any weapon you are wielding as part of a melee attack. Instead of the free melee touch 
attack normally allowed to deliver the spell, you can make one free melee attack with your weapon (at 
your highest base attack bonus) as part of casting this spell. If successful, this melee attack deals its 
normal damage as well as the effects of the spell. If you make this attack in concert with spell combat, 
this melee attack takes all the penalties accrued by spell combat melee attacks. This attack uses the 
weapon’s critical range (20, 19–20, or 18–20 and modified by the keen weapon property or similar 
effects), but the spell effect only deals ×2 damage on a successful critical hit, while the weapon damage 
uses its own critical modifier. 