

Aleil Sylvari 
Female half-elf diviner 4/rogue 1/assassin 1/arcane trickster 10 
CE Medium humanoid (elf, human) 
Init +15; Senses low-light vision, trapfinding; Perception +13 
Languages Aboleth, Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Dark 
Folk, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnome, Goblin, Gnoll, Halfling, 
Ignan, Infernal, Orc, Sylvan, Terran, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 37, touch 20, flat-footed 31 (+7 armor, +4 deflection, +6 Dex, +7 natural, +3 
shield) 
hp 111 (16 HD) 
Fort +13, Ref +22, Will +15 
Immune magical sleep effects 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), 40 ft. fly (good); overland flight 
Melee +1 dagger +15/+10 (1d4+1 plus poison/19-20) or 
poisoned glove +14/+9 touch (contact poison) 
Ranged +5 shuriken +19/+14 (1d4+5 plus poison) 
Special Attacks death attack (DC 18, 1d6+1 rounds), impromptu sneak attack 2/day, sneak attack +8d6, 
surprise spells 
Arcane Spell-Like Abilities (CL 16
th; Concentration +23) 
10/day – diviner’s fortune (+2) 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 16
th, cast spells as 14
th; Concentration +23) 
7th  (4/day) – greater scrying, greater teleport (2), mage’s magnificent mansion 
6th  (5/day) – analyze dweomer
F, greater dispel magic, mislead, true seeing
M, veil 
5th  (5/day) – cone of cold
O, overland flight, prying eyes, telekinesis 
4th  (6/day) – detect scrying, dimension door, enervationO (2) 
3rd  (6/day) – fireballO, gaseous form, lightning bolt
O, nondetectionM 
2nd (7/day) – alter self, detect thoughts (2), invisibility (2), locate object, obscure object 
1st  (7/day) – arcane pocket
BM, feather fall, grease, shield, silent image, true strike, unseen servant 
0  (at will) – acid splash, detect magic, mage hand, vacuous vessel
BM 
Arcane School divination; O Opposition spells; Opposition Schools evocation, necromancy 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 24 (+7), Con 16 (+3), Int 24 (+7), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 22 (+6) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +7 (+15 with dagger); CMD 38 
Feats Accomplished Sneak Attacker, Craft Rod, Craft Wondrous Item, Defensive Combat Training, Improved 
Initiative, Scale and Skin, Scribe Scroll
B, Skill Focus (stealthB), Stealthy, Weapon Finesse 
Skills Acrobatics +18, Bluff +25, Craft (alchemy) +11, Diplomacy +25, Disable Device +23, Disguise +17, 
Escape Artist +36, Intimidate +25, Knowledge (arcana) +26, Linguistics +26, Perception +13 (+14 vs. 
traps), Sense Motive +11, Sleight of Hand +18, Spellcraft +26, Stealth +36; Racial Modifiers +2 
Perception 
SQ adaptability, arcane bond (ring), diviner’s fortune, elf blood, forewarned, invisible thief (10 
rounds/day), poison use, ranged legerdemain, trapfinding, traits (magical knack: wizard, reactionary), 
tricky spells 5/day 
Combat Gear +5 shuriken (6 per month), antitoxin (3), arcane spell scrolls (detect secret doors 10, dimension 
door 2, enervation 4, false vision 3, floating disk [CL 5
th] 6, greater teleport 2, identify 8, knock 10), 
poison doses (black lotus extract 10, nightmare vapor 5, terinav root 15), spell focus components 
(analyze dweomer, contingency, mage’s magnificent mansion, scrying, vision), spell material 
components (false vision 4, nondetection 6, true seeing 4, vision 6); Other Gear +1 dagger 
(concealed/sequestered), +2 mithral buckler, amulet of natural armor +4, belt of physical might +6 
(dexterity, constitution), blessed book (665 pages remaining, concealed/sequestered), bracers of armor 

+7, cloak of resistance +5, hat of disguise, headband of mental prowess +6 (intelligence, charisma; 
bluff, diplomacy, intimidate), metamagic rods (extend, maximize, quicken), poisoner’s gloves (laced 
with black lotus extract, sequestered), ring of protection +4 (bonded object), ring of sustenance, robe of 
stars, spell component pouches (2; one concealed/sequestered), tender (468gp), vest of escape 
Spellbook 7th—banishment, ethereal jaunt, finger of deathO, greater scrying, greater teleport, mage’s 
magnificent mansion, plane shift, sequester, teleport object, visionM; 6th—analyze dweomerF, 
contingency
O, geas/quest, greater dispel magic, mass suggestion, mislead, true seeing, veil; 5th—cone of 
cold
O, dominate person, fabricate
M, false vision
M, overland flight, permanency
O, prying eyes, sending, 
telekinesis, teleport; 4th—black tentacles, detect scrying, dimension door, dimensional anchor, 
enervation
O, greater invisibility, scryingF; 3rd—fireballO, gaseous form, lightning bolt
O, nondetectionM, 
touch injection
UC; 2nd—alter self, darknessO, darkvision, detect thoughts, glitterdust, invisibility, knock, 
locate object, obscure object; 1st—detect secret doors, feather fall, floating disk
O, grease, identify, 
magic missile
O, shield, silent image, true strike, unseen servant; 0—all; 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 28 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bonded Object (Sp) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded object worn or in hand, you must make 
a concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A 
bonded object can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are 
capable of casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, 
including casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be 
modified by metamagic feats or other abilities. The bonded object cannot be used to cast spells from 
your opposition schools. The magic properties of your bonded object, including any magic abilities 
added to the object, only function for you. 
Death Attack (Ex) If you study your victim for 3 rounds and then make a sneak attack with a melee weapon 
that successfully deals damage, the sneak attack has the additional effect of possibly either paralyzing or 
killing the target (your choice). Studying the victim is a standard action. The death attack fails if the 
target detects you or recognizes you as an enemy (although the attack might still be a sneak attack if the 
target is denied his Dexterity bonus to his Armor Class or is flanked). If the victim of such a death attack 
fails a Fortitude save (DC 18) against the kill effect, they die. If the saving throw fails against the 
paralysis effect, the victim is rendered helpless and unable to act for 1d6+1 rounds. If the victim’s 
saving throw succeeds, the attack is just a normal sneak attack. Once you have completed the 3 rounds 
of study, you must make the death attack within the next 3 rounds. If a death attack is attempted and 
fails (the victim makes their save) or if you do not launch the attack within 3 rounds of completing the 
study, 3 new rounds of study are required before you can attempt another death attack. 
Diviner’s Fortune (Sp) Ten times per day you can touch any creature as a standard action to give it a +2 
insight bonus on all of its attack rolls, skill checks, ability checks, and saving throws for 1 round. 
Forewarned (Su) You can always act in the surprise round even if you fail to make a Perception roll to notice a 
foe, but you are still considered flat-footed until you take an action. In addition, you receive a bonus on 
initiative checks equal to ½ your wizard level (included above). 
Impromptu Sneak Attack (Ex) Twice per day you can declare one melee or ranged attack you make to be a 
sneak attack (the target can be no more than 30 feet distant if the impromptu sneak attack is a ranged 
attack). The target of an impromptu sneak attack loses any Dexterity bonus to AC, but only against that 
attack. The power can be used against any target, but creatures that are not subject to critical hits take no 
extra damage (though they still lose any Dexterity bonus to AC against the attack). 
Invisible Thief (Su) You can become invisible, as if under the effects of greater invisibility, as a free action. 
You can remain invisible for up to 10 rounds per day. Your caster level for this effect is equal to your 
caster level. These rounds need not be consecutive. 
Ongoing Spells You have cast the contingency, detect scrying, and overland flight spells upon yourself. Should 
you ever be made helpless against your will (such as when knocked unconscious, paralyzed, petrified, 
securely bound, or forcefully put to sleep), you are immediately teleported (as per the teleport spell) to 
the nearest known temple dedicated to your deity. Your person carries upon it a note with detailed 

instructions for the temple’s priests should you not be in a position to direct them to your aid personally. 
All ongoing spell effects function at 16
th-caster level (and thus require a DC 27 caster level check to 
dispel) and their effects are included in the above stats where appropriate. 
Poison Use You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying poison 
to a blade. 
Poisons You carry of variety of poisons, primarily for use with your poisoner’s glove: 
Black lotus extract—contact; save Fort DC 20, onset 1 minute, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 
1d3 Str, cure 2 consecutive saves. 
Nightmare vapor—inhaled; save Fort DC 20, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d6 Con, cure 2 
consecutive saves. 
Terinav root—contact; save Fort DC 16, onset 1 minute, frequency 1/minute for 6 minutes, effect 1d3 
Dex, cure 1 save. 
Ranged Legerdemain (Su) You can use Disable Device and Sleight of Hand at a range of 30 feet. Working at 
a distance increases the normal skill check DC by 5, and you cannot take 10 on this check. Any object to 
be manipulated must weigh 5 pounds or less. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals 8d6 extra damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Should you 
score a critical hit with a sneak attack, this extra damage is not multiplied. Ranged attacks can count as 
sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (like a sap, 
whip, or an unarmed strike), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack, 
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with 
concealment. 
Surprise Spells You can add your sneak attack damage to any spell that deals damage, if the targets are flat-
footed. This additional damage only applies to spells that deal hit point damage, and the additional 
damage is of the same type as the spell. If the spell allows a saving throw to negate or halve the damage, 
it also negates or halves the sneak attack damage. 
Trapfinding You add ½ your rogue level to Perception skill checks made to locate traps and to Disable Device 
skill checks (minimum +1). You may also use Disable Device to disarm magic traps. 
Tricky Spells (Su) Five times per day you can cast your spells without their somatic or verbal components, as if 
using the Still Spell and Silent Spell feats. Spells cast using this ability do not increase in spell level or 
casting time. You decide to use this ability at the time of casting. 