

Anna and “Teddy” 
“I’m afraid Teddy doesn’t play well with others.” 
 
In the entire history of Golarion, few conflicts have produced more carnage and 
collateral damage than Isger’s Goblinblood Wars. Isger’s warriors fought 
valiantly, but by the end, their villages and homesteads lay burned, the rivers 
and fields were choked with dead, scavengers (both human and animal) roamed 
the land, banditry ran unchecked, and a whole generation of war orphans faced a 
grim future. 
 
It was into these desperate and merciless times that Poor Anna was born. Anna 
was only five years old when her father took up a spear in defense of his 
homeland, never to return. Anna’s mother kept the homestead afloat for a while, 
but eventually, the goblin tide swept over their home as well. Anna’s mother 
was torn apart by goblin dogs while Anna hid whimpering under the 
floorboards. Hunger eventually drove her from her hiding place, and she fell in 
with the steady stream of refugees making their way south. When the refugees passed the town of Haugin’s Ear, 
they handed the waif over to Mother Comfort’s Orphanage, just outside the settlement. 
 
The orphanage was founded by an old widow known locally as Mother Comfort, who had opened the large 
estate left to her by her wealthy husband to the orphaned beggar children overrunning the town. The impulse 
was a gracious one at the time, but it had been decades since Mother Comfort had reared children, and the 
stresses of dealing with the sometimes-unruly orphans made her bitter and short-tempered. She subjected 
children who misbehaved to increasingly bizarre forms of discipline, and soon began to regard any sign of 
unhappiness, such as crying or complaining, as defiance that needed to be corrected. She wielded an ever-
heavier hand, starving her most troublesome charges into submission. The most severe punishment, however, 
was confinement in the “bad box”—a chest in the attic in which Mother Comfort locked children who incurred 
her wrath. 
 
Every resident of the orphanage could expect to end up in the bad box at some point, for fabricated misdeeds if 
they avoided committing real ones. Anna was so traumatized by the murder of her mother that she no longer 
spoke to other people; instead, she would often sneak away to talk to an imaginary friend she called “Teddy.” It 
wasn’t long before Anna’s disappearances, and her refusal to say “please” and “thank you,” drew Mother 
Comfort’s wrath. Anna was locked in the chest. Trapped with nothing but her tears, Anna called to Teddy for 
help. 
 
And he answered her. 
 
Still only a formless entity in her mind at the time, Teddy agreed to free her and help her escape the orphanage 
if she would always be his, and only his. The moment she sobbed “yes,” the formless entity brought her the key 
to the chest. Upon opening the chest, Anna’s loud gasp of fresh air was only surpassed in volume by the 
surprised gasp of Mother Comfort, who happened to be walking by. Enraged at the girl’s defiance, Mother 
Comfort might have killed Anna for the transgression, but the orphanage had fallen into financial destitution, so 
she instead decided to sell the girl into slavery—selling her off to her stingy only son, a ruthless pirate captain 
of the Inner Sea named Kujo the Butcher. Though she didn’t make much profit off the sale, it was Mother 
Comfort’s hope that her son would do what she could not, and break the girl’s rebellious will. 
 
Meant to serve aboard Captain Kujo’s ship, the Megalodon, as cabin boy until she was old enough to perform 
more menial labors, Anna’s new home on the ship proved to be dramatically better than that of the abusive 
environment of the orphanage. Mother Comfort was never happy with her children and punished them 
frequently, but if Anna worked hard for Kujo and the other officers, she found that she would largely be left 

alone to play with her new imaginary friend. This small modicum of happiness was not to last, however. During 
a night raid by pirate hunters, Anna, terrified beyond reason, wondered above decks into the heat of a pitched 
battle. Seeing not pirates and marines in her mind, but the terrifying goblins of Isger all about her, she called out 
for Teddy to save her once more before collapsing amid the stamping feet of a dozen seasoned warriors, 
dancing in the night. 
 
When she awoke the next morning, she found that the crew of the Megalodon had proved victorious, but not 
due to their fearless captain or their skill of arms. All the crew had questions for Anna about her mysterious 
friend, Teddy. Having no memory of the night before, she found herself wholly unable to answer their 
questions. According to the tails they told, the moment she collapsed, a giant spectral bear appeared over her 
body and began tearing into the marines, turning the tide of battle and ultimately scattering and routing their 
forces. Keen to discover more about his cabin boy’s mysterious friend, Captain Kujo summoned a mystic to his 
ship at the next port to search for answers. The old woman, a channeler named Estra, whom they had more or 
less abducted, soon found the truth behind Anna’s spectral ally: Anna was a scarred psychic, capable of 
channeling her fears into a most horrible beast. 
 
Estra, no friend to pirates and their violent ways, nevertheless agreed to stay on for a short while for the girl’s 
sake. In time, Estra taught Anna how to consciously control her powers, creating a variety of magical effects, 
and even how to assault the minds of others. When Estra felt she had taught Anna all that she could, she gave 
Anna a stuffed toy that she had secretly weaponized. The stuffed bear was also meant to serve as a focus tool 
for calling on the nightmare entity known as “Teddy.” Estra then attempted to steal the girl away in the dead of 
night. Her plan failed, however, and she was forced off the ship at sword point. Not even her own champion, the 
channeled phantom Honaire, could hope to defeat the entire crew. Forced to save herself and abandon the young 
girl, Estra loudly proclaimed a vow to one day come back for Anna. 
 
Nearly ten now, Anna continues to adventure upon the high seas with Kujo onboard the Megalodon. Though 
technically still a cabin boy, Anna—now a respected and feared member of the crew—holds as much sway as 
any officer onboard. Inured against the sight of violence through her psychic training with Estra, Anna now 
hides herself during pitched battles, allowing Teddy to do most of the physical fighting while she discreetly 
assaults the minds of enemy officers. Having a tenuous grasp on martial tactics as well thanks to the instruction 
of her fellow crew members, Anna attempts to flank with Teddy or Captain Kujo if forced into melee combat, 
hoping that she can aid in their ability to instill dread in their foes, causing the enemy to flee rather than 
continuing the fight. 
 
Despite her newfound pirate proclivities, Anna remains a frightened young girl whose fractured mind and 
haunted memories could not be repaired by even the likes of the mystic Estra. Nevertheless, the memory of 
Estra’s vow—proof that someone in the world besides Teddy genuinely cares for her well-being—keeps her 
going day after day and allows her to retain a small amount of innocence despite her terrible ordeals; a fact that 
the ever-possessive Teddy continues to resent to no end. 
   

Anna 
Female young human spiritualist 8 (fractured mind, haunted) 
N Small humanoid 
Init +3; Senses Perception +0 
Languages Common, Infernal 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 14, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +3 Dex, +1 size) 
hp 58 (8 HD) 
Fort +7, Ref +5, Will +6; +4 vs. mind-affecting effects 
Defensive Abilities mage armor, protection from arrows, shared consciousness, 
spiritual interference; DR 10/magic vs. ranged weapons 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee teddy bear +7/+2 (1d6) 
Ranged by weapon +10/+5 
Haunted Spell-like Abilities (CL 8
th; Concentration +13) 
1/day – bane (DC 19), mad hallucination
UM (DC 19) 
Spiritualist Spells Known (CL 8
th; Concentration +13) 
3rd  (3/day) – fly, heroism, slow 
2nd (5/day) – detect thoughts, instigate psychic duelOA, protection from arrows, see invisibility 
1st  (6/day) – burst of adrenaline
OA, burst of insightOA, feather fall, mage armor, unseen servant 
0  (at will) – mage hand, mending, message, open/close, stabilize, telekinetic projectile 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 16 (+3), Con 12 (+1), Int 13 (+1), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +4; CMD 17 
Feats Alter Binary Mindscape, Psychic Combatant (+4 MP), Psychic Defender (+8 temp hp), Shatter Mental 
Mask, Skill Focus (intimidateB, stealthB), Spell Focus (illusionB) 
Skills Bluff +16, Diplomacy +13, Heal +11, Intimidate +19, Sense Motive +11, Stealth +21 
SQ bonded senses (8 rounds/day), emotional power, emotional spellcasting, etheric tether, phantom 
(Teddy, fear), phantom recall (1/day) 
Combat Gear elixirs of hiding (2), potions (cure light wounds 3); Other Gear +1 cruel deadly menacing sap 
(doubles as a teddy bear), backpack, ball (5 in.), board game, marbles, tender (7sp), various stolen 
baubles (35gp worth) 
Encumbrance light 19 lb. 8 oz., medium 39 lb. 12 oz., heavy 60 lb.; Weight Carried 8 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bonded Senses (Su) As a standard action, you can share the senses of your manifested phantom, hearing, 
seeing, smelling, tasting, and feeling everything your phantom does. You can use this ability a number 
of rounds per day equal to your spiritualist level, but those rounds do not need to be consecutive. There 
is no maximum range for this effect, but you and the phantom must be on the same plane. You can end 
this effect as a free action. 
Emotional Power (Sp) You gain a number of spell-like abilities, which are tied to your phantom’s emotional 
focus, as shown above. The saving throw DCs for these spell-like abilities are equal to 10 + ½ your 
spiritualist class level + your Charisma modifier, rather than being based on the spell’s level. 
Emotional Spellcasting Your ability to cast spells is tied to the force of your own spirit rather than your 
connection to the spirit world. As a result, you use your Charisma score rather than your Wisdom score 
to determine the highest spell level you can cast, the saving throw DCs of spells you cast, and your 
bonus spells per day. 
Etheric Tether (Su) You can force the phantom to manifest in an area around you by pushing the phantom’s 
consciousness though the veil of ethereal essence, allowing it to fully manifest in either ectoplasmic or 
incorporeal form. Whenever your manifested phantom takes enough damage to send it back to the 

Ethereal Plane, as a reaction to the damage, you can sacrifice any number of her hit points without using 
an action. Each hit point sacrificed in this way prevents 1 point of damage dealt to the phantom. This 
can prevent the phantom from being sent back to the Ethereal Plane. This tether is limited. When the 
phantom is fully manifested, you two must remain within 50 feet of one another for the phantom’s 
manifestation to stay stable with little to no concentration on your part. You can stretch the limited 
tether, but only when the phantom is in ectoplasmic form. When you start your turn and your 
ectoplasmic phantom is more than 50 feet away from you (but closer than 100 feet), you must 
concentrate on the link as a full-round action that provokes attacks of opportunity or the ectoplasmic 
phantom immediately returns to the Ethereal Plane and cannot be summoned from that plane for 24 
hours. This concentration can be interrupted as if it were a spell. Treat this effect’s spell level as equal to 
1 + 1 per 10 feet farther than 50 feet that the phantom is from you (maximum spell level 6
th). If the 
tether is interrupted or the check fails, the phantom immediately snaps back into your consciousness. If 
the ectoplasmic phantom is ever more than 100 feet away from you, or the incorporeal phantom is ever 
50 feet away from you or outside of line of effect from you for more than 1 round per spiritualist level 
you possess, the tether is automatically broken; the phantom immediately returns to the Ethereal Plane 
and can’t be summoned from that plane for 24 hours. 
Phantom Recall (Su) As either a swift or an immediate action, you can call your manifested phantom to your 
side or back into your consciousness. This ability functions as dimension door, using your spiritualist 
class level as the caster level. When you call the phantom in this way, the phantom appears adjacent to 
you (or as close as possible, if all adjacent spaces are occupied). You can use this ability once per day. 
Phantom You have the aid of a powerful and versatile spirit entity called a phantom. The phantom forms a link 
with you, who forever after can either harbor the creature within your consciousness or manifest it as an 
ectoplasmic or incorporeal entity. A phantom has the same alignment as you, and it can speak all the 
languages you can. You can harbor your phantom in your consciousness or fully manifest it. A fully 
manifested phantom is treated as a summoned creature from the Ethereal Plane, except it is not sent back 
to the Ethereal Plane until it is reduced to a negative amount of hit points equal to or greater than its 
Constitution score. You can fully manifest your phantom through a ritual that takes 1 minute to perform. 
When the phantom is fully manifested, you can change the form of the phantom’s manifestation (either 
from ectoplasmic to incorporeal or vice versa) as a full-round action that provokes attacks of 
opportunity. When the phantom manifests, its hit points are unchanged from the last time it manifested, 
unless the phantom was slain and returned to the Ethereal Plane; in this case, the phantom manifests 
with half its maximum number of hit points. The phantom does not heal naturally, and can be healed 
only with magic or by being tended to with the Heal skill while fully manifested in ectoplasmic form. 
The phantom stays fully manifested until it is either returned to your consciousness (a standard action) 
or banished to the Ethereal Plane. If the phantom is banished to the Ethereal Plane, it can’t return to the 
spiritualist’s consciousness or manifest again for 24 hours. While fully manifested, a phantom can’t be 
returned to the Ethereal Plane by means of dispel magic, but spells such as dismissal and banishment 
work normally. Whenever you are unconscious or asleep, the phantom immediately returns to your 
consciousness. If you die, the phantom is returned to the Ethereal Plane, and can’t return to your 
consciousness until 24 hours after you have been brought back to life. A phantom can’t be dismissed or 
banished (by a spell or any other similar effect) while it resides in your consciousness, as the phantom is 
protected from such effects by the power of your psyche. Fully manifested phantoms can use items 
(though not wield weapons or wear armor) appropriate to their forms. Any items worn, carried, or held 
by a phantom are dropped when the phantom returns to your consciousness, and must be retrieved and 
donned anew if the phantom wishes to use them when it fully manifests in the future. 
Shared Consciousness (Su) While your phantom is confined in your consciousness (but not while it’s fully 
manifested or banished to the Ethereal Plane), it grants you the Skill Focus feat in two skills determined 
by the phantom’s emotional focus, unless you already had Skill Focus in those skills. It also grants a +4 
bonus on saving throws against all mind-affecting effects. Lastly, once per day, when you fail a saving 
throw against a mind-affecting effect, as an immediate action you can shunt that effect into the 
phantom’s section of your consciousness instead. When you do so, you are not affected by the mind-
affecting effect, but for the normal duration of that effect, you lose the bonuses on saving throws against 

mind-affecting effects and the Skill Focus effects granted by your phantom, and can’t use this ability to 
shunt a mind-affecting effect into the phantom’s consciousness or manifest your phantom in any way. 
When a mind-affecting effect is shunted into the phantom’s consciousness, spells such as dispel magic 
and break enchantment can be cast on you to end the effect’s duration as if you were affected by the 
mind-affecting effect. 
Spiritual Interference (Ex or Su) Whenever you are within the reach of your ectoplasmic manifested 
phantom, you gain a +2 shield bonus to your Armor Class and a +2 circumstance bonus on your saving 
throws. You don’t gain these bonuses when the ectoplasmic manifested phantom is grappled, helpless, 
or unconscious. If you are within 30 feet of your incorporeally manifested phantom, you receive a +2 
circumstance bonus on saving throws against mind-affecting effects. This bonus is a supernatural ability 
and does not apply if the phantom is unconscious. 
 
Teddy 
N Medium outsider (phantom) 
Init +4; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +9 
Languages Common, Infernal 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 14, flat-footed 22 (+4 armor, +8 natural, +4 Dex) in 
ectoplasmic form 
AC 29, touch 25, flat-footed 23 (+9 deflection, +2 dodge, +4 Dex) 
in incorporeal form 
hp 39 (6 HD) 
Fort +3, Ref +9, Will +5; +4 vs. enchantments 
Defensive Abilities mage armor, protection from arrows; DR 
10/magic vs. ranged weapons; DR 5/slashing (ectoplasmic 
form only) 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. or fly 40 ft. (good) when incorporeal 
Melee 2 slams +11 (2d6+1 plus horrifying strike) 
Special Attack horrifying strike (DC 16), increase fear (DC 16), 
magic attacks, usurp spell 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 12 (+1), Dex 18 (+4), Con 13 (+1), Int 7 (–2), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +7 (ectoplasmic), +10 (incorporeal); CMD 21 (ectoplasmic), 32 (incorporeal) 
Skills Intimidate +12, Perception +9, Stealth +15 
Feats Weapon Finesse, Improved Natural Attack (slam), Stealthy
B, Weapon Focus (slam) 
SQ deliver touch spells, link, share spells, usurp manifestation (11 rounds/day) 
Encumbrance light 43 lb., medium 86 lb., heavy 130 lb.; Weight Carried 8 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Deliver Touch Spells (Su) Your phantom can deliver touch spells for you when fully manifested in incorporeal 
or ectoplasmic form. You and your phantom need not be in contact to accomplish this, but the phantom 
must be within 30 feet and you must be able to see the phantom. You can cast the spell, and then the 
phantom can deliver the touch as an immediate action. If the touch spell deals damage, the phantom 
must make the attack roll. Your phantom can’t hold the charge of a touch spell cast by you using this 
ability. If the spell is delivered to the phantom, it must touch a target or the spell is lost. If the spell 
allows you to touch up to six willing targets, the phantom can accomplish this with an immediate action, 
but all of the willing targets must be within the phantom’s melee reach at the time. 
Horrifying Strike (Ex) If your phantom hits a creature with a slam attack, that creature must succeed at a Will 
saving throw (DC = 10 + ½ the phantom’s Hit Dice + the phantom’s Charisma modifier) or be shaken 

for 1d4 rounds. Multiple attacks against the same creature do not cause the creature to become 
frightened. This is a mind-affecting fear effect. 
Incorporeal When you choose to manifest your phantom in incorporeal form, the phantom appears within 30 
feet of you as a ghostly apparition. It gains the incorporeal subtype, including a deflection bonus to AC 
equal to its Charisma modifier. Since it isn’t an undead creature, it takes no damage from holy water or 
positive energy. Unlike other incorporeal creatures, an incorporeal phantom can’t attack corporeal 
creatures, except to deliver touch-attack spells using the deliver touch spell ability. An incorporeal 
manifested phantom can make slam attacks against other incorporeal creatures as if it were in 
ectoplasmic form. 
Increase Fear (Su) As a swift action, your phantom can emit a 20-footradius aura that amplifies the fear 
conditions of enemies within it if they fail their Will saving throws (DC = 10 + ½ the phantom’s Hit 
Dice + the phantom’s Charisma modifier). A shaken enemy in the aura becomes frightened, a frightened 
creature becomes panicked, and a panicked creature cowers. This effect lasts either as long as the enemy 
stays within the aura and is under the condition of the initial fear effect, or for a number of rounds after 
it leaves the aura equal to ½ the phantom’s Hit Dice, or until the end of the original fear effect’s 
duration, whichever comes first. A creature that succeeds at the saving throw is immune to this effect 
from the same phantom for 24 hours. This is a mind-affecting fear effect. The phantom can use this 
ability in either ectoplasmic or incorporeal form. 
Link (Su) You and your phantom share a mental link that allows for communication across distances (as long 
as you are on the same plane). This communication is a free action that can be performed even when it 
isn’t your turn, but you and your phantom must both be conscious to communicate in this way. This 
allows you to give orders to your phantom at any time. Magic items interfere with your connection to 
your phantom; as a result, you and your phantom share magic item slots. In the case of a conflict, the 
items worn by the spiritualist remain active, and those worn by the phantom become dormant. The 
phantom must possess the appropriate appendages to utilize a magic item. 
Magic Attacks When your phantom manifests in ectoplasmic form, it treats its slam attacks as if they were 
magic for the purposes of overcoming damage reduction. 
Phase Lurch (Su) A phantom in ectoplasmic form has the ability to pass through walls or material obstacles. In 
order to use this ability, it must begin and end its turn outside whatever wall or obstacle it’s moving 
through. An ectoplasmic phantom can’t move through corporeal creatures with this ability, and its 
movement speed is halved while moving through a wall or obstacle. Any surface it moves through is 
coated with a thin, silvery mucus that lingers for 1 minute. 
Share Spells You can cast a spell with a target of “you” on your phantom (as a spell with a range of touch) 
instead of on yourself. You can cast spells from the spiritualist spell list on your phantom even if the 
spells normally do not affect creatures of the phantom’s type (outsider). This ability does not allow the 
phantom to share abilities that aren’t spells, even if they function like spells. 
Usurp Manifestation (Su) When fully manifested in ectoplasmic form, your phantom can draw upon your 
body to strengthen its ectoplasmic might, temporarily weakening you in order to increase its own power. 
The phantom must activate this ability as an immediate action at the start of your turn, and it can use this 
ability a number of rounds per day equal to 3 + your spiritualist level. The rounds don’t need to be 
consecutive, and the phantom can dismiss the effects of a usurped manifestation as a free action on its 
turn. While this ability is in effect, your features become sunken and withdrawn, and you gain the 
nauseated condition until the effect ends. Conversely, the phantom surges in size and power, becoming 
one size category larger (as if affected by an enlarge person spell) and increasing its natural armor 
bonus to AC by 2 for the effect’s duration. If you prevent or mitigate the nauseated condition, the 
phantom is unable to siphon energy and doesn’t gain the benefits of usurp manifestation. 
Usurp Spell (Su) While using usurp manifestation, your phantom can leech spell slots from you to increase its 
own power. The phantom can reach through the etheric tether as a swift action to drain your psychic 
spell energy, effectively taking any touch spell or spell with a target of “you” that you know and casting 
it on itself (assuming you have not yet used up your allotment of spells per day for the spell’s level). 
This ability consumes two of your spell slots of the appropriate level and otherwise follows the rules for 
the share spells and deliver touch spells abilities. 