

Arbutus, Prince of Flowers 
“Your blade may sever every limb, but my power will always bloom!” 
  
A unique plant creature spawned in the First World and transplanted into the soil of the 
Material Plane, Arbutus grew into a unique being very much akin to the ghoran of Nex, 
though he does not share that race’s origin. Arbutus holds no memory of his early past 
and to date the story behind his origin remains a mystery. 
 
Arbutus grew to be an artist and hermit who loves to create beautiful gardens in 
isolation. He expresses his art in the forms of the plants that he grows, shaping them 
into visions of beauty. He loves his plants, often thinking of them as his children. In 
contrast, he holds sentient humanoids in low regard due to their habit of treating plants 
and nature like disposable objects and using them for crass purposes (cutting trees into 
lumber, burning wood for warmth, allowing smoke to pollute the air and block out the sun, 
collecting flowers to die a slow death in a vase), thus in return he often treats humans as 
uncaringly as they would treat his plants. 
 
Arbutus is dry, cynical, acts somewhat like a gentleman, and values beauty in many 
forms. He thinks highly of himself and of nature, often claiming that he and his 
powers are eternal. Despite his antagonistic attitude towards humanoids, Arbutus is 
not an evil being, simply displaying a great deal of love for—and a strong desire to 
protect—his gardens just as a family loves and protects its members. A rare few humanoids (hermit druids 
mostly), have recently taught him that not all humanity is bad, as some still appreciate nature; the beauty of a 
flower, the shade of a tree, the joy of planting a seed and watching it grow. Nevertheless, Arbutus is slow to 
trust newcomers to his isolated realm. 
 
Long ago, a powerful adventurer far from his homeland, stumbled into and began exploring Arbutus’ magical 
garden kingdom. The adventurer made the mistake of plucking a beautiful flower as a gift for his lady-love—a 
charming princess—which spurred the wrath of the garden’s protector. To quell his anger, the adventurer 
promised Arbutus whatever he wanted; Arbutus agreed, vowing that when the intruder was an old man lacking 
the power to stop him, he would come and take the old man’s dearest treasure. 
 
Half a centry later, came he did. Arbutus infiltrated the now-Sultan’s palace and took what was dearest to the 
Sultan: his only daughter, a young princess born late to the Sultan in life. Stealing the princess away to his 
mysterious garden, Arbutus intended to have her become a part of his growing work of art and to act as a 
critique of his ongoing projects. Initially, he treated her cruelly, expressing his hatred of humanity’s actions 
against nature. After a time, however, the princess came to understand why he treated her so harshly, and would 
ultimately prove instrumental in changing Arbutus’ prejudice against humanoids. Just as a burgeoning 
friendship was beginning to develop between the two, the Sultan’s army suddenly appeared, having 
rediscovered the hidden garden after long months of searching. Slashing through Arbutus’ beautiful garden with 
their sabers and crushing his roses under their thick boots, the Sultan’s men slew Arbutus and put the area to the 
torch, despite the princessess’ protests. 
 
Arbutus grew again, from a small seed containing his life force that he had planted prior to the attack. Since the 
assault on his garden, Arbutus has traveled across Golarion. Initially eager for revenge for the wrongs laid 
against him, he came to learn that the Sultan had died of natural causes while awaiting his daughter’s return. 
Not having the heart to take his anger out on the princess herself, or the people that she so loved, he left his 
ruined past behind, becoming a lonesome refugee looking for the perfect grove in which to start again, all the 
while struggling to come to terms with conflicting ideas about humanity. 
 

Normally bright and colorful in appearance, as a garden in full bloom during Spring or Summer, Arbutus turns 
cold and hard when his anger is roused. His leaves and flowers begin to fall away, revealing a gnarled body 
covered in menacing bare branches and barbs underneath, as though a deadly winter had suddenly struck. 
 
Arbutus, Prince of Flowers 
Male personality unique ghoran phytokineticist 18 
LN Medium plant (extraplanar) 
Init +6; Senses Perception +2 
Languages Common, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 34, touch 20, flat-footed 29 (+6 armor, +5 deflection, +5 Dex, +3 natural, +5 shield) 
hp 360 (18 HD), fast healing 1; maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +27, Ref +22, Will +13 
Defensive Abilities disgusting; Resist fire 30 
Immune plant traits 
Weakness light dependent 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), burrow 30 ft.; earth glide, woodland stride 
Melee wood blade +20/+15/+10 (9d6+19 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
earth blade +20/+15/+10 (9d6+19 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
cold blade +20/+15/+10 touch (9d6+5 cold) or 
autumn blade +20/+15/+10 (18d6+28 half each of any two physical damage types) or 
winter blade +20/+15/+10 (18d6+28 half cold, half bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Ranged wood blast +20 (9d6+3d8+19 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
earth blast +20 (9d6+19 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
cold blast +20 touch (9d6+5 cold) or 
autumn blast +20 (18d6+3d8+28 half each of any two physical damage types) or 
winter blast +20 (18d6+3d8+28 half cold, half bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Special Attacks elemental overflow +6, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower, maximize, quicken, twice) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 18PthP; Concentration +20) 
1/day – detect poison, goodberry, purify food and drink 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 18th; Concentration +28) 
Defense – flesh of wood (+1 enhancement to natural armor) 
Infusions – deadly earth (4 burn), entangling infusion (2 burn, Ref DC 29 negates), extended range (1 
burn), grappling infusion (3 burn, +30 modifier), impale (2 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), kinetic 
whip (2 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – autumn blast (2 burn), cold blast, earth blast, winter blast (2 burn), wood blast 
Utility – basic aerokinesis, basic geokinesis, basic phytokinesis, earth climb, earth glide, green tongue, 
plant puppet, shape wood, skilled kineticist, thorn flesh (1 burn), tremorsense, warp wood, wild 
growth, wood soldiers (1 burn), woodland step 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 7 (–1), Dex 20 (+6), Con 30 (+11), Int 10 (+1), Wis 12 (+2), Cha 15 (+3) 
Base Atk +13; CMB +12 (+19 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 31 (33 vs. certain grapples) 
Feats Combat Reflexes, Extra Wild Talent (3), Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot, Toughness, Weapon Finesse, 
Weapon Focus (kinetic blast) 
Skills Craft (sculpture) +22, Escape Artist +6 (+8 to escape grapples vs. creatures with bite/grab), Handle 
Animal +12 (untrained), Knowledge (geography) +23, Knowledge (nature) +32, Profession (gardener) 
+23; Racial Bonuses +2 Escape Artist to escape grapples vs. creatures with bite/grab 
SQ basic geokinesis, basic hydrokinesis, basic phytokinesis, burn (6 points/round, maximum 13), 
composite specialization, expanded element (air, earth), gather power, ghorus seed, infusion 
specialization 5, internal buffer 3, supercharge 

Gear +4 darkleaf cloth leather armor of greater fire resistance, +4 light darkwood shield, belt of physical 
might +6 (Dexterity, Constitution), four-leaf clover, greater kineticist’s diadem, pale green prism ioun 
stone (implanted), ring of protection +5, ring of regeneration, tender (35gp), vest of resistance +5 (as 
cloak of resistance), wooden sculpture of the Sultan’s princess (worth 750gp) 
Encumbrance light 23 lb., medium 46 lb., heavy 70 lb.; Weight Carried 15 lb. (excluding tender) 
 
Arbutus, Prince of Flowers (with elemental overflow) 
As above, except as follows… 
Init +9; Senses Perception +2 
DEFENSE 
AC 42, touch 23, flat-footed 34 (+6 armor, +5 deflection, +8 Dex, +8 natural, +5 shield) 
hp 396 with 7 burn, fast healing 1 (18 HD); maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +29, Ref +25, Will +13 
Defensive Abilities disgusting, fortification (35%); Resist fire 30 
OFFENSE 
Melee wood blade +29/+24/+19 (9d6+21 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
earth blade +29/+24/+19 (9d6+21 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
cold blade +29/+24/+19 touch (9d6+6 bludgeoning) or 
autumn blade +29/+24/+19 (18d6+30 half each of any two physical damage types) or 
winter blade +29 (18d6+30 half cold, half bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Ranged wood blast +29 (9d6+3d8+33 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
earth blast +29 (9d6+33 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
cold blast +29 touch (9d6+3d6+18 bludgeoning) or 
autumn blast +29 (18d6+3d8+42 half each of any two physical damage types) or 
winter blast +29 (18d6+3d8+42 half cold, half bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 18th; Concentration +30) 
Defense – flesh of wood (base +1 enhancement to natural armor) 
Infusions – deadly earth (4 burn), entangling infusion (2 burn, Ref DC 31 negates), extended range (1 
burn), grappling infusion (3 burn, +32 modifier), impale (2 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), kinetic 
whip (2 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – autumn blast (2 burn), cold blast, earth blast, winter blast (2 burn), wood blast 
Utility – basic aerokinesis, basic geokinesis, basic phytokinesis, earth climb, earth glide, green tongue, 
plant puppet, shape wood, skilled kineticist, thorn flesh (1 burn), tremorsense, warp wood, wild 
growth, wood soldiers (1 burn), woodland step 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 9 (+0), Dex 26 (+9), Con 34 (+13), Int 10 (+1), Wis 12 (+2), Cha 15 (+3) 
Base Atk +13; CMB +13 (+22 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 35 (37 vs. certain grapples) 
Skills Craft (sculpture) +22, Escape Artist +9 (+11 to escape grapples vs. creatures with bite/grab), Handle 
Animal +12 (untrained), Knowledge (geography) +23, Knowledge (nature) +32, Profession (gardener) 
+23; Racial Bonuses +2 Escape Artist to escape grapples vs. creatures with bite/grab 
SQ basic geokinesis, basic hydrokinesis, basic phytokinesis, burn (6 points/round, maximum 15), 
composite specialization, expanded element (earth, water), gather power, ghorus seed, infusion 
specialization 5, internal buffer 3, supercharge 
Encumbrance light 30 lb., medium 60 lb., heavy 90 lb.; Weight Carried 15 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Burn (Ex) Some of your wild talents allow you to accept burn in exchange for a greater effect, while others 
require you to accept a certain amount of burn to use that talent at all. For each point of burn you accept, 
you take 1 point of nonlethal damage per character level. This damage can’t be healed by any means 
other than getting a full night’s rest, which removes all burn and associated nonlethal damage. Nonlethal 
damage from burn can’t be reduced or redirected, and if you are incapable of taking nonlethal damage 
then you can’t accept burn. You can accept only 6 points of burn per round. You can’t choose to accept 

burn if it would put your total number of points of burn higher than 3 + you Constitution modifier 
(though you can be forced to accept more burn from a source outside your control). Whilst you possess 
burn you can never benefit from abilities that allow you to ignore or alter the affects you receive from 
nonlethal damage. 
Elemental Defense (Su) You have the following defense wild talent. 
Flesh of Wood: Your skin toughens like timber and can turn aside some blows. You gain a +1 
enhancement bonus to your existing natural armor bonus. By accepting 1 point of burn, you can increase 
this enhancement bonus by 1. For every 3 levels beyond 2nd, you can accept 1 additional point of burn to 
further increase this enhancement bonus by 1 (to a maximum of +7 at 17th-level). Whenever you accept 
burn while using a wood wild talent, phytokinetic power causes your full natural armor bonus to apply 
to your touch AC for 1 round. You can dismiss and restore this effect as an immediate action. 
Disgusting You gain a +2 racial bonus on Escape Artist and combat maneuver checks to escape a grapple 
against any creature that has a bite attack with the grab ability. 
Elemental Overflow (Ex) Your body surges with energy from your element whenever you accept burn, 
causing you to glow with a nimbus of fire, weep water from your pores, or experience some other 
thematic effect. You receive a bonus on your attack rolls with kinetic blasts equal to the total number of 
points of burn you currently possess, to a maximum bonus of +1 for every 3 kineticist levels you 
possess. You also receive a bonus on damage rolls with your kinetic blast equal to double the bonus on 
attack rolls. You can suppress the visual effects of elemental overflow by concentrating for 1 full round, 
but doing so suppresses all of this ability’s other benefits, as well. The next time you use any wild talent, 
the visual effects and benefits return instantly. As your body becomes more and more suffused with your 
element, you begin to gain more powerful benefits. Whenever you possess at least 3 points of burn, you 
gain a +2 size bonus to two physical ability scores of your choice. Whenever you have at least 5 points 
of burn, these bonuses increase to a +4 size bonus to one physical ability score of your choice and a +2 
size bonus to each of your other two physical ability scores. Whenever you have at least 7 points of 
burn, these bonuses increase to a +6 size bonus to one physical ability score of your choice, a +4 size 
bonus to a second physical ability score of your choice, and a +2 size bonus to the remaining physical 
ability score. You also gain a chance to ignore the effects of a critical hit or sneak attack equal to 5% × 
your current number of points of burn. 
Gather Power (Su) If you have both hands free you can gather energy or elemental matter as a move action. 
Gathering power creates an extremely loud, visible display in a 20-foot radius centered on you, as the 
energy or matter swirls around you. Gathering power in this way allows you to reduce the total burn cost 
of a blast wild talent you use in the same round by 1 point. You can instead gather power for 1 full 
round in order to reduce the total burn cost of a blast wild talent used on your next turn by 2 points (to a 
minimum of 0 points). If you do so, you can also gather power as a move action during your next turn to 
reduce the burn cost by a total of 3 points. If you take damage during or after gathering power and 
before using the kinetic blast that releases it, you must succeed at a concentration check (DC = 10 + 
damage taken + effective spell level of your kinetic blast) or lose the energy in a wild surge that forces 
you to accept a number of points of burn equal to the number of points by which your gathered power 
would have reduced the burn cost. This ability can never reduce the burn cost of a wild talent below 0 
points. 
Ghorus Seed As a full-round action, you can expel your ghorus seed from an orifice in your abdomen. If 
planted in fertile ground and left undisturbed for 2d6 days, the seed grows into a healthy duplicate of 
yourself, save that the duplicate may reallocate all of its skill ranks upon sprouting. Once you expel your 
seed, you gain 1 negative level, and you die as soon as your duplicate sprouts. This duplicate replaces 
your previous character. 
Infusion Specialization (Ex) Whenever you use one or more infusions with a blast, you reduce the combined 
burn cost of the infusions by 5. This can’t reduce the total cost of the infusions used below 0. 
Infusions (Su) The following infusions alter your blasts. You can apply at most one form infusion and one 
substance infusion to your blasts. 
Deadly Earth (form): You infuse the ground in a 20-foot radius anywhere within 120 feet of you on 
an earthen surface. The ground roils and buckles beneath the affected area. All creatures and objects in 

contact with the ground within the area when you create it automatically take ¼ of the normal damage 
from your blast with no saving throw. Any time a creature enters the area, it takes half the normal 
damage from your blast, as do creatures that end their turns in the area. The entire area counts as 
difficult terrain. This infusion lasts for a number of rounds equal to your Constitution modifier or until 
you use it again. 
Entangling Infusion (substance): Your kinetic blast surrounds your foes in elemental matter. 
Whenever a blast with this infusion deals damage to a foe, that foe becomes entangled for 1 minute. The 
foe can remove this condition as a standard action with a successful Escape Artist or Strength check 
(with the same DC as for saves against your kinetic blast) or by dealing an amount of damage to the 
entangling matter equal to double your kineticist level (the matter has hardness 0). If the foe was already 
entangled by this infusion and fails its save against a second instance of this infusion, the increased 
amount of elemental matter fuses to the ground, causing the foe to be rooted in place as though anchored 
to an immobile object. 
Extended Range (form): Your kinetic blast can strike any target within 120 feet. 
Grappling Infusion (substance): Your cloud, deadly earth, or wall blast grows tendrils that hold your 
enemies in place. Whenever a creature takes damage from the infused blast, you can attempt a combat 
maneuver check to have the blast grapple that opponent. Your bonus on this check is equal to 2 + your 
kineticist level + your Constitution modifier (treat the blast as a Huge creature). The blast only grapples 
opponents; it can’t perform other functions of grapple maneuvers such as pinning or moving the 
opponent. If the blast is already grappling an opponent, it receives a +5 bonus on its combat maneuver 
check to maintain the grapple, as normal. You can use this infusion only if you also use the cloud, 
deadly earth, or wall form infusion. 
Impale (form): You extend a long, sharp spike of elemental matter along a line, impaling multiple 
foes. Make a single attack roll against each creature or object in a 30-foot line, starting with the closest 
target. If the result is a critical threat, roll to confirm against only the first target you hit. Calculate 
damage against each target you hit, starting from the closest. If your attack hits a target but fails to deal 
physical damage to that target, the spike fails to penetrate and the infused blast doesn’t continue. A blast 
with the impale infusion can penetrate solid barriers, but it must deal enough damage to destroy the 
barrier in order to continue through. Infused earth and metal blasts always deal piercing damage. 
Kinetic Blade (form): By accepting 1 point of burn you form a weapon using your kinetic abilities. 
You create a non-reach, light or one-handed weapon in your hand formed of pure energy or elemental 
matter. The kinetic blade’s shape is purely cosmetic and doesn’t affect the damage dice, critical threat 
range, or critical multiplier of the kinetic blade, nor does it grant the kinetic blade any weapon special 
features. You can use this form infusion once as part of an attack action, a charge action, or a full-attack 
action in order to make melee attacks with your kinetic blade. Since it’s part of another action (and isn’t 
an action itself), using this wild talent doesn’t provoke any additional attacks of opportunity. The kinetic 
blade deals your kinetic blast damage on each hit (applying any modifiers to your kinetic blast’s damage 
as normal, but not your Strength modifier). The blade disappears at the end of your turn. The weapon 
deals the same damage type that your kinetic blast deals, and it interacts with Armor Class and spell 
resistance as normal for a blast of its type. The kinetic blade doesn’t add the damage bonus from 
elemental overflow. 
Kinetic Whip (form): By accepting 2 points of burn, you form a long tendril of energy or elemental 
matter. This functions as kinetic blade but counts as a reach weapon appropriate for your size. Unlike 
most reach weapons, the kinetic whip can also attack nearby creatures. The kinetic whip disappears at 
the beginning of your next turn, but in the intervening time, it threatens all squares within its reach, 
allowing you to make attacks of opportunity that deal the whip’s usual damage. 
Internal Buffer (Su) You possess an internal buffer with which to store extra energy. The buffer starts empty 
and doesn’t replenish each day, but you can accept 1 point of burn to add 1 point to the buffer as a 
full-round action, to a maximum of 3 points total. Once you add points to your buffer, they remain 
indefinitely until you spend them. When you would otherwise accept burn, you can spend 1 point from 
your buffer to avoid accepting 1 point of burn. You cannot spend more than 1 point from your buffer in 
this way for a single wild talent. Points spent from the internal buffer don’t activate elemental overflow 

or add to its effects. Similarly, this buffer can be used to exceed the limit on the number of points of 
burn you can accept in a single turn. 
Kinetic Blast (Sp) As a standard action, you can unleash a kinetic blast at a single target up to a range of 30 
feet. You must have at least one hand free to aim the blast. All damage from a kinetic blast is treated as 
magic for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. Kinetic blasts count as a type of weapon for the 
purpose of feats such as Weapon Focus. You are never considered to be wielding or gripping the kinetic 
blast (regardless of effects from form infusions), and you can’t use Vital Strike feats with kinetic blasts. 
Even the weakest kinetic blast involves a sizable mass of elemental matter or energy, so kinetic blasts 
always deal full damage to swarms of any size (though only area blasts deal extra damage to swarms). A 
readied kinetic blast can be used to counterspell any spell of equal or lower level that shares its 
descriptor. A kinetic blast that deals energy damage of any type (including force) has the corresponding 
descriptor. 
Light Dependent You take 1d4 points of Constitution damage each day you go without exposure to sunlight. 
Metakinesis (Su) You gain the ability to alter your kinetic blasts as if with metamagic feats by accepting burn. 
By accepting 1 point of burn, you can empower your kinetic blast (as if using Empower Spell); by 
accepting 2 points of burn, you can maximize your kinetic blast as if using Maximize Spell; by 
accepting 3 points of burn, you can quicken your kinetic blast as if using Quicken Spell; and by 
accepting 4 points of burn, you can use your kinetic blast twice with the same standard action, or swift 
action if you also use metakinesis to quicken the blast. When you use a double kinetic blast, all 
modifications, such as metakinesis and infusions, apply to both of the blasts, but you kineticist need to 
pay the burn cost only once. 
Past-Life Knowledge You treat all Knowledge skills as class skills. 
Supercharge (Su) When using gather power as a move action, you can reduce the total burn cost of a single 
wild talent by 2 points instead of 1. When using gather power for 1 full round, you can reduce the burn 
cost of a single wild talent by 3 points instead of 2. 
Utility You have the following utility wild talents. 
Basic Geokinesis (Sp): You can move up to 5 pounds per kineticist level of rocks, loose earth, sand, 
clay, and other similar materials up to 15 feet as a move action. You can search earthen and stone areas 
from a distance as if using the siftAPG cantrip. 
Basic Hydrokinesis (Sp): You can create water as the cantrip create water, purify water as if using 
purify food and drink, and dry wet creatures and objects as if using prestidigitation. While you cannot 
lift water into the air using this ability, you can create mild currents in a body of water by concentrating. 
These currents are strong enough to run a water mill as if the mill were being turned manually by a 
creature with a Strength score equal to your Constitution score. 
Basic Phytokinesis (Sp): You can prune and otherwise tend plants within 30 feet without using 
gardening tools. You can search wooded areas and other plant-heavy areas from a distance as if using 
the siftAPG cantrip. By concentrating, you can detect plants within 120 feet as if using detect animals or 
plants. 
Earth Climb (Su): You use your connection to earth to meld slightly into stone and earthen surfaces, 
granting you a climb speed equal to your base land speed when climbing such surfaces. 
Earth Glide (Su): You can glide through earth, as an earth elemental’s earth glide ability, with a 
burrow speed equal to your base land speed. 
Green Tongue (Su): You can speak to plants and hear their whispers, as if constantly under the 
effects of speak with plants. 
Plant Disguise (Sp): You can assume the shape of an immobile plant, as per tree shape but 
transforming into any ordinary Small or Medium plant. 
Plant Puppet (Sp): You can control plants, causing them to attack your foes. This functions as the 
aether puppet wild talent, except it controls plants instead of objects. Large and larger animated plants 
gain hardness 5. 
Shape Wood (Sp): You reshape wood to suit your purposes, as per wood shape. 

Skilled Kineticist (Su): You gain a bonus equal to ½ your kineticist level on skill checks with the 
skills your primary element added to your class skill list, and you can use the Knowledge skill associated 
with your primary element to identify elementals of your primary element’s subtype. 
Thorn Flesh (Sp): You grow barbed thorns from your flesh. Until the next time your burn is 
removed, while your thorn flesh is active, any creature that strikes you with an unarmed strike or natural 
weapon or that grapples you takes 1d6 points of piercing damage. Weapons that strike you also take this 
damage, though the damage is unlikely to penetrate the weapon’s hardness. 
Tremorsense (Su): You can take a move action to gain tremorsense 30 feet for 1 round on any earth 
or stone surface that you touch. You can accept 1 point of burn to increase the duration to 1 round per 
kineticist level you possess. While benefiting from this tremorsense, your earth blasts and composite 
blasts that include earth components don’t suffer a miss chance from concealment or total concealment 
against creatures you detect with your tremorsense. 
Warp Wood (Sp): You can bend and twist plants and wooden objects. This functions as warp wood. 
Wild Growth (Sp): You can charge plants with life energy, hindering your enemies or aiding local 
farmers. This functions as plant growth. 
Wood Soldiers (Su): Your presence animates surrounding plant life and causes it to fight by your 
side. Each time you recover burn, you automatically use this ability once and ignore the burn cost. This 
functions as wooden phalanxUM, except you always animate four golems, and the duration lasts until the 
next time you recover burn. If you have spring blast, one of your golems gains a 30-foot fly speed 
(average maneuverability). If you have summer blast, one of your golems is healed by fire damage, is 
vulnerable to cold, and deals 1d6 extra points of fire damage on slam attacks and when splintering. If 
you have autumn blast, one of your golems gains a 20-foot burrow speed. If you have winter blast, one 
of your golems deals 1d6 extra points of cold damage on its slam attacks and when splintering. Each of 
the above modifications must apply to a different golem. 
Woodland Step (Su): You gain woodland stride, as per the druid ability. Due to your ability to 
manipulate plants, you can attempt a caster level check (DC = 11 + the spell’s caster level) as a standard 
action to also ignore magically manipulated plants (but not creatures of the plant type). 
   

Wooden Soldiers (4) 
N Medium construct 
Init +5; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +5 
DEFENSE 
AC 23, touch 15, flat-footed 18 (+5 Dex, +8 natural) 
hp 64 (8d10+20) 
Fort +2, Ref +7, Will +7 
DR 5/adamantine; Immune construct traits, magic 
Weaknesses vulnerable to fire 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft., burrow 20 ft. (autumn soldier only) 
Melee 2 slams +14 (2d6+6) or 
2 slams +14 (2d6+6 plus 1d6 cold) (winter soldier only) 
Special Attacks splintering 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 22, Dex 21, Con –, Int –, Wis 21, Cha 5 
Base Atk +8; CMB +14; CMD 29 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Immunity to Magic (Ex) A wood golem is immune to any spell or spell-like ability that allows spell resistance, 
with the exception of spells and spell-like abilities that have the Fire descriptor, which affect it normally. 
In addition, certain spells and effects function differently against the creature, as noted below. Warp 
wood or wood shape slows a wood golem (as the slow spell) for 2d6 rounds (no save). Repel 
wood drives the golem back 60 feet and deals 2d12 points of damage to it (no save). A magical attack 
that deals cold damage breaks any slow effect on the golem and heals 1 point of damage for every 3 
points of damage the attack would otherwise deal. If the amount of healing would cause the golem to 
exceed its full normal hit points, it gains any excess as temporary hit points. A wood golem gets no 
saving throw against attacks that deal cold damage. 
Splintering (Su) As a free action once every 1d4+1 rounds, a wood golem can launch a barrage of razor-sharp 
wooden splinters from its body in a 20-foot-radius burst. All creatures caught within this area take 6d6 
points of slashing damage (Reflex DC 14 halves). The winter soldier also deals an additional 1d6 cold 
damage. The save DC is Constitution-based. 
 
  