

Balasar Frollo 
“Those who oppose Iomedae shall know pain without end.” 
 
Balasar is a noble born priest devoted to Iomedae, the Great Inheritor who helped 
to  form civilization out of chaos and liberate  the humanoid races  from their 
barbarism. Balasar is a powerful healer, a consummate Samaritan, a paragon of his 
faith, and a completely fanatic zealot. He never tolerates insults against his faith 
and  is  quick to accuse such dissenters of being  heretical heathens deserving of 
nothing less than a highly public execution. What’s more, Balasar’s station as the 
local judge and his lofty position within the church’s hierarchy gives him some 
leeway in carrying out such public executions. 

A master of subtly manipulating evidence, of bending laws to his favor, and of 
convincing the people of his community of any allegations he decides to lie upon 
his unfortunate foes, Balasar possesses near absolute control over the lives of his 
citizenry. Despite his crazed devotion to his faith, the vast majority of people love 
him for his extreme dedication to the bettering of their community. After all, any 
who questioned the morality of his behavior have long since been “legitimately” 
burned at the stake or imprisoned for their heresy. 

If ever confronted by an obvious superior about the high number of executions in 
his community, Balasar is quick to dismiss it with a warning, sometimes laced with a 
veiled threat: “If we are not constantly vigilant against the lawless terrorists who would dare attempt to undo all 
the efforts of  the almighty  Iomedae, then  we  are no more deserving of his lord’s  gifts than the heretics 
themselves.” Balasar’s skills of control through deception are such that even fellow faithful and those of 
superior station are not necessarily safe from his potential wrath. 

   

Balasar Frolo 
  

Male human inquisitor 9 
LN Medium humanoid (human) 
Init +4; Senses Perception +16 
Languages Common, Celestial, Osiriani 
DEFENCE 
AC 24, touch 12, flat-footed 24 (+8 armor, +2 deflection, +2 natural, +2 shield) 
hp 65 (9 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +5, Will +12 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee walking cane +6/+1 (1d6) 
Ranged by weapon +6/+1 
Inquisitor Spell-like Abilities (CL 9
th; Concentration +13) 
At-will – detect chaos, detect evil, detect good, detect law, discern lies 
(immediate action, up to 9 rounds/day) 
7/day – inspiring word 
Inquisitor Spells Known (CL 9th; Concentration +13) 
3rd-level (3/day) – invisibility purge, prayer, seek thoughtsAPG 
2nd-level (5/day) – calm emotions, castigate
APG, confessAPG, honeyed tongueAPG 
1st-level (5/day) – bane, command, doom, sanctuary, true strike 
0-level (at will) – brandAPG, create water, detect magic, detect poison, guidance, siftAPG 
Deity Iomedae; Domain Nobility 
Special Attacks bane (9 rounds), judgment 3/day (any two) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 10 (+0), Con 10 (+0), Int 14 (+2), Wis 18 (+4), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +6; CMD 18 
SQ cunning initiative, focused study, inspiring word, leadership, monster lore +4, second judgment, solo tactics, 
stern gaze +4, teamwork feat (4/day), track +4 
Feats Deceitful, Duck and Cover
B, LeadershipB (20 base, 20 followers, 22 cohort), LookoutB, Persuasive, Skill 
Focus (bluffB, diplomacy
B, intimidate, sense motive), Swap Places
B, Toughness 
Skills Bluff +25, Diplomacy +25, Disguise +7, Intimidate +29, Knowledge (local) +11 (+15 vs. creatures), 
Knowledge (nobility) +11, Knowledge (planes) +14 (+18 vs. creatures), Knowledge (religion) +14 (+18 
vs. creatures), Perception +16, Sense Motive +22, Survival +4 (+8 tracking); Armor Check Penalty –2 
Combat Gear holy water (3), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear +2 mithral chainmail, 
amulet of natural armor +2, cloak of resistance +2, hat of divine station (as circlet of persuasion), 
headband of alluring charisma +2, ring of force shield, ring of protection +2, silver holy symbol, spell 
component pouch, sunrods (5), tender (9pp), walking cane (as quarterstaff) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 29 lb. (excluding tender) 
 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bane (Su) You can imbue one of your weapons with the bane weapon special ability as a swift action. You 
must select one creature type when you use this ability (and a subtype if the creature type selected is 
humanoid or outsider). Once selected, the type can be changed as a swift action. This ability only 
functions while you wield the weapon. If dropped or taken, the weapon resumes granting this ability if it 
is returned to you before the duration expires. This ability lasts for a number of rounds per day equal to 
your inquisitor level. These rounds do not need to be consecutive. 
Cunning Initiative (Ex) You add your Wisdom modifier on initiative checks, in addition to your Dexterity 
modifier (included above). 
Detect Alignment (Sp) At will, you can use detect chaos, detect evil, detect good, or detect law. You can only 
use one of these at any given time. 
Discern Lies (Sp) You can discern lies, as per the spell, for a number of rounds per day equal to your inquisitor 
level. These rounds do not need to be consecutive. Activating this ability is an immediate action. 
Inspiring Word (Sp) As a standard action, you can speak an inspiring word to a creature within 30 feet. That 
creature receives a +2 morale bonus on attack rolls, skill checks, ability checks, and saving throws for a 
number of rounds equal to ½ your inquisitor level. You can use this power a number of times per day 
equal to 3 + your Wisdom modifier. 
Judgment (Su) You can pronounce judgment upon your foes as a swift action. Starting when the judgment is 
made, you receive a bonus or special ability based on the type of judgment made. Once activated, this 
ability lasts until the combat ends, at which point all of the bonuses immediately end. You must 
participate in the combat to gain these bonuses. If you are frightened, panicked, paralyzed, stunned, 
unconscious, or otherwise prevented from participating in the combat, the ability does not end, but the 
bonuses do not resume until you can participate in the combat again. When you use this ability, you 
must select two types of judgments to make. As a swift action, you can change this judgment to another 
type. All your judgment bonuses are profane bonuses. The types of judgments are shown below. 
Leadership (Ex) You receive Leadership as a bonus feat. In addition, you gain a +2 bonus on your leadership 
score as long as you uphold the tenets of your deity (included above). 
Monster Lore (Ex) You add your Wisdom modifier on Knowledge skill checks in addition to your Intelligence 
modifier, when making skill checks to identify the abilities and weaknesses of creatures (included 
above). 
Solo Tactics (Ex) All of your allies are treated as if they possessed the same teamwork feats as you do for the 
purpose of determining whether you receive a bonus from your teamwork feats. Your allies do not 
receive any bonuses from these feats unless they actually possess the feats themselves. The allies’ 
positioning and actions must still meet the prerequisites listed in the teamwork feat for you to receive the 
listed bonus. 
Stern Gaze (Ex) You receive a morale bonus on all Intimidate and Sense Motive checks equal to ½ your 
inquisitor level (included above). 
Teamwork Feat As a standard action, you can choose to learn a new bonus teamwork feat in place of the most 
recent bonus teamwork feat you have already learned. In effect, you lose the bonus feat in exchange for 
the new one. You can only change the most recent teamwork feat gained. Whenever you gain a new 
teamwork feat, the previous teamwork feat becomes set and cannot be changed again. You can change 
your most recent teamwork feat a number of times per day equal to your Wisdom modifier. 
Track (Ex) You add half your inquisitor level on Survival skill checks made to follow or identify tracks 
(included above). 
 
   

JUDGMENT SELECTIONS 
Destruction You are filled with divine wrath, gaining a +1 profane bonus on all weapon damage rolls. This 
bonus increases by +1 for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Healing You are surrounded by a healing light, gaining fast healing 1. This causes you to heal 1 point of 
damage each round as long as you are alive and the judgment lasts. The amount of healing increases by 
1 point for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Justice This judgment spurs you to seek justice, granting a +1 sacred bonus on all attack rolls. This bonus 
increases by +1 for every five inquisitor levels you possess. At 10
th level, this bonus is doubled on all 
attack rolls made to confirm critical hits. 
Piercing This judgment gives you great focus and makes your spells more potent. This benefit grants a +1 
sacred bonus on concentration checks and caster level checks made to overcome a target’s spell 
resistance. This bonus increases by +1 for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Protection You are surrounded by a protective aura, granting a +1 sacred bonus to Armor Class. This bonus 
increases by +1 for every five inquisitor levels you possess. At 10
th level, this bonus is doubled against 
attack rolls made to confirm critical hits against you. 
Purity You are protected from the vile taint of your foes, gaining a +1 sacred bonus on all saving throws. This 
bonus increases by +1 for every five inquisitor levels you possess. At 10
th level, the bonus is doubled 
against curses, diseases, and poisons. 
Resiliency This judgment makes you resistant to harm, granting DR 1/magic. This DR increases by 1 for every 
five levels you possess. At 10
th level, this DR changes from magic to an alignment (chaotic, evil, good, 
or lawful) that is opposite of yours. If you are neutral, you do not receive this increase. 
Resistance You are shielded by a flickering aura, gaining 2 points of energy resistance against one energy type 
(acid, cold, electricity, fire, or sonic) chosen when the judgment is declared. The protection increases by 
2 for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Smiting This judgment bathes your weapons in a divine light. Your weapons count as magic for the purposes of 
bypassing damage reduction. At 6
th level, your weapons also count as one alignment type (chaotic, evil, 
good, or lawful) for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. The type selected must match one of 
your alignments. If you are neutral, you do not receive this bonus. At 10th level, your weapons also 
count as adamantine for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction (but not for reducing hardness). 
 