

Claon Tonkinelm (aka The Black Dread, Pate 
Popper, Sir Tiny Tonk, The Terrible Tinman, 
Tinny Tonk) 
“Please stay calm while my steam giant pacifies the ruffians that 
have infested your humble community.” 
 
Claon is an adventurous gnome with grand ambitions of knightly 
heroism. Known by many titles and epithets great and small, he 
excels at making himself out to be far more than he actually is. 
Standing at only a little over three feet, Claon has nevertheless built 
up a fearsome reputation thanks to his bruising intellect, sharp tongue, 
and—least of all—his towering war machines. 
 
Claon was trained from birth in the ways of mechanical warfare for 
the express purpose of leading his King’s army to war. Before his 
training could be completed, however, Claon’s king was assassinated by an enemy agent. The King’s successor, 
fearing spies and saboteurs amidst his servants, exiled Claon and dozens of others from their homeland. 
 
Having fallen in love with war machines, Claon nevertheless thought modern devices to be crude and 
ineffective. He strived to perfect them, and even invented his own personal constructs of war. Before long, 
Claon was making quite a living, developing weapons of war for the highest bidder. 
 
Within a decade of being exiled, the erstwhile inventor saw much of his former homeland torn apart by the very 
automatons he had helped to create. Now with the war over, he travels abroad looking for adventure and 
financing that will help him to further test and build his creations, seemingly uncaring about the destruction they 
unleash upon the world. 
 
Despite all his bravado and fearsome reputation, when not excitedly looking for new enemies to crush or 
machines to invent, Claon possesses a strangely calming effect on the people around him; a psychic aura he 
often uses to diffuse bad situations (such as when he is caught off guard away from his toys) or to lull enemies 
into a false sense of security prior to their destruction. 
 
Though he generally prefers performing good deeds to evil ones, Claon is ultimately a wondering mercenary at 
heart, always on the lookout for ways to expand both his mechanical arsenal and psychic power. 
   

Claon Tonkinelm 
Male old gnome psychic 13 
N Medium humanoid (gnome) 
Init +1; Senses low-light vision; Perception +18 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Goblin, 
Gnome, Orc, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 14, flat-footed 25 (+8 armor, +2 deflection, +1 Dex, +4 
natural, +1 size) 
hp 138 plus false life (13 HD) 
Fort +13, Ref +10, Will +15; +2 vs. illusions 
Defensive Abilities defensive training (+4 dodge bonus to AC vs. 
giants), mental placidity (2/day); Immune fear 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), fly 40 ft.; overland flight 
Melee +1 heavy mace +9 (1d6+2) 
Ranged by weapon +8 
Special Attacks +1 on attack rolls against goblinoid and reptilian humanoids, major amplifications (synaptic 
shock), phrenic amplifications (intense focus, overpowering mind, relentless casting, will of the dead), 
phrenic pool (8/day) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 13
th; Concentration +21, or +25 with Combat Casting) 
2/day – calm emotions 
1/day – dancing lights, detect thoughts, ghost sound, prestidigitation, speak with animals, telepathic 
bond 
Psychic Spells Known (CL 13
th; Concentration +21, or +25 with Combat Casting) 
6th  (5/day) – age resistance
UM, greater object possession
OA, psychic surgery
B OA 
5th  (7/day) – explode head
OA, fabricate, overland flight, serenity
B UM 
4th  (8/day) – charm monster, confusion, freedom of movement, mass daze
B UM, telekinesis 
3rd  (8/day) – communal resist energy
UC, deep slumber, heroism, mantle of calmB ACG, shrink item 
2
nd (8/day) – false life, make whole, mirror image, see invisibility, silence
B, suggestion 
1st  (8/day) – feather fall, magic missile, shield, silent image, telempathic projectionB OA, true strike 
0  (at will) – bleed, dancing lights, detect magic, ghost sound, light, mending, message, open/close, 
prestidigitation 
Psychic Discipline Tranquility 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 12 (+1), Dex 12 (+1), Con 18 (+4), Int 26 (+8), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 12 (+1) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +6; CMD 26 
Feats Combat Casting, Craft Wondrous Items, Defensive Combat Training, Extend Spell, Greater Spell Focus 
(necromancy), Spell Focus (necromancy), Toughness 
Skills Bluff +17, Craft (alchemy) +27, Diplomacy +17 (+21 vs. powerful characters), Intimidate +17, 
Knowledge (engineering) +24, Perception +18, Profession (engineer) +20, Sense Motive +18, Spellcraft 
+24; Racial Bonuses +2 Craft (alchemy), +2 Profession (engineer) 
SQ gnome magic, purge disquiet, traits (ambitious, magical lineage: greater object possession), weapon 
familiarity 
Combat Gear alchemical fuel (96 hours worth per steam giant); Other Gear +1 heavy mace, +5 mithral shirt, 
cloak of resistance +5, headband of vast intelligence +6 (craft: alchemy, knowledge: engineering, 
profession: engineer), lucky war helm (as jingasa of the fortunate soldier, but grants a +2 deflection 
bonus), steam giants (2), tender (3,354gp, 6sp, 7cp) 
Encumbrance light 32 lb. 4 oz., medium 64 lb. 8 oz., heavy 97 lb. 8 oz.; Weight Carried 15 lb. (excluding 
tender)   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Ambitious You exude confidence in the presence of those more powerful than you—sometimes unreasonably 
so. You gain a +4 trait bonus on Diplomacy checks made to influence creatures with at least 5 Hit Dice 
more than you possess. 
Detect Thoughts (Sp) You can use detect thoughts as a spell-like ability once per day. You can also expend 
any unused spell slot of 1
st-level or higher to cast detect thoughts. If you do so, you use the level of the 
spell slot expended to determine the Will save DC. 
Gnome Magic You add +1 to the DC of any saving throws against illusion spells that you cast. If you have a 
Charisma score of 11 or higher you also gain the following spell-like abilities: 1/day—dancing lights, 
ghost sound, prestidigitation, and speak with animals. The caster level for these effects is equal to your 
character level. The DC for these spells is equal to 10 + the spell’s level + your Charisma modifier. 
Intense Focus (Ex) You can spend 1 point from your phrenic pool to gain a +2 bonus on any concentration 
check you attempt as part of casting the linked spell. You can choose to spend 2 points from your 
phrenic pool to instead gain a +4 bonus. 
Magical Lineage When you apply metamagic feats to this object possessionOA that add at least 1 level to the 
spell, treat its actual level as 1 lower for determining the spell’s final adjusted level. 
Mental Placidity (Su) As an immediate action, you can gain a +2 bonus on a Will saving throw you are about 
to attempt. This bonus increases to +4 against an enchantment spell or effect. Any ally who attempts a 
saving throw against the same effect gains a +1 bonus on the Will save, or a +2 bonus if the effect is an 
enchantment. If you succeed at the saving throw, you regain 1 point in your phrenic pool. You can use 
this ability a number of times per day equal to your Wisdom modifier. 
Overpowering Mind (Ex) You can spend 2 points from your phrenic pool to increase the Will save DC of the 
linked spell by 1. You can choose to instead spend 4 points to increase the DC by 2. This amplification 
can be linked only to spells that have the mind-affecting descriptor and require a Will saving throw. 
Phrenic Pool (Su) You have a pool of supernatural mental energy that you can draw upon to manipulate 
psychic spells as you cast them. The maximum number of points in your phrenic pool is equal to ½ your 
psychic level + your Wisdom modifier. The phrenic pool is replenished each morning after 8 hours of 
rest or meditation; these hours don’t need to be consecutive. You might be able to recharge points in 
your phrenic pool in additional circumstances dictated by your psychic discipline. Points gained in 
excess of the pool’s maximum are lost. 
Purge Disquiet (Su) You become immune to fear spells and effects and to the confused condition. As a 
standard action, you can choose a willing creature that is either within 30 feet or in telepathic contact 
with you. For 1 round per psychic level you possess, you suppress any fear effect or confused, cowering, 
frightened, panicked, or shaken condition affecting that creature. You can suppress only one effect at a 
time with this ability, and choosing a new target ends the suppression for the character you previously 
chose. 
Relentless Casting (Su) You can spend 1 point from your phrenic pool to roll twice on any caster level checks 
to overcome spell resistance required for the linked spell and take the better result. Because you must 
decide to spend points from your phrenic pool when you start casting a spell, you must decide to use this 
ability before the GM calls for the caster level check. 
Synaptic Shock (Su) You can spend 1 point from your phrenic pool when casting a mind-affecting linked spell 
to select one of the spell’s targets. If the target is affected by the linked spell, that target is confused for 1 
round after the duration of the spell expires (or immediately, if the spell has an instantaneous duration). 
If the target succeeds at its save against the linked spell, it is instead confused for 1 round immediately. 
For each additional point you spend from your phrenic pool, you can confuse one additional target of the 
linked spell. This amplification can be applied only to a mind-affecting spell that can affect a number of 
targets or that has an area. It has no effect on creatures that are immune to mind-affecting effects, unless 
the linked spell is able to affect such creatures (such as a spell that has both will of the dead and synaptic 
shock applied to it via dual amplification). 
Telepathic Bond (Sp) You can use telepathic bond as a spell-like ability once per day, using your psychic level 
as your caster level. You can’t leave yourself out of a bond created in this way. You can also expend any 

unused spell slot of 4
th-level or higher to cast telepathic bond. Casting the spell using a higher-level spell 
slot gives no benefit on its own, but you can apply metamagic feats that would increase the spell level to 
the appropriate level. For instance, if you know Extend Spell, you can use a 5
th-level spell slot to cast 
extended telepathic bond as a full-round action. 
Weapon Familiarity You treat any weapon with the word “gnome” in its name as a martial weapon. 
Will of the Dead (Su) Even undead creatures can be affected by your mind-affecting spells. You can spend 2 
points from your phrenic pool to overcome an undead creature’s immunity to mind-affecting effects for 
the purposes of the linked spell. This ability functions even on mindless undead, but has no effect on 
creatures that aren’t undead. This amplification can be linked only to spells that have the mind-affecting 
descriptor. 
 
Possessed Steam Giant 
Gargantuan Animated Object (steam giant) 
N Gargantuan construct 
Init –2; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +18 
DEFENSE 
AC 17, touch 4, flat-footed 17 (–2 Dex, +13 natural, –4 size) 
hp 115 (10 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +2, Will +10 
Defensive Abilities hardness 10; Immune construct traits 
OFFENSE 
Speed 60 ft. (12 squares) 
Melee slam +16 (3d6+23) 
Space 20 ft.; Reach 20 ft. 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 38, Dex 6, Con –, Int 26, Wis 14, Cha 12 
Base Atk +6; CMB +24; CMD 32 
SQ construction points (5 points: faster ×3, metal construction), very large 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Very Large An animated steam giant is essentially an extremely large mobile vehicle made animate. As such, it is 
immune to critical hits, has a hardness rating, takes reduced damage from energy attacks (or no damage from 
ineffectual attacks), and has different hit point totals for different sections. For example, a door may be broken 
down, a window smashed, or even an entire wall collapsed without any harm to the steam giant. For damage to be 
dealt directly to the steam giant’s hit point total, the animated steam giant as a whole must be deliberately 
targeted, rather than its individual components. Once the animated steam giant reaches 0 hit points, it is 
effectively destroyed: it is no longer animated and reverts to a mundane steam giant (albeit a damaged one) 
resting in its current position. Unless totally destroyed, it remains a fully functioning vehicle that can be piloted. 
For the purposes of completely obliterating the steam giant itself (not just de-animating it), treat the steam giant as 
having 320 hit points. Attacking an object within the steam giant is treated just like targeting any normal 
unattended object (see the smashing an object rules). Attacking an object on the steam giant’s exterior (such as to 
destroy one of its siege weapons), however, requires a successful sunder attempt against the animated steam giant 
itself (see the sunder combat maneuver). Additionally, a steam giant is so large, that a great number of beings may 
reside comfortably inside of it, even while it is moving or fighting. Such inhabitants may prove dangerous in their 
own right, granting the steam giant additional forms of attack or defense. While so animated, a steam giant is not 
dependent on its alchemical fuel to move about. 