

Corvo Kenwall 
“What was, is gone. What will be, is mine to decide.” 
 
Corvo is a man who has no identity, just a name. Who he was, was 
erased from the analogues of history many years ago, and what 
remains is a man who lives in the dark, working to preserve a greater 
tomorrow. He works alone, gathering intelligence on those who 
have become corrupt and who threaten the lives of the defenseless—
and with his power, he extinguishes the lives of those deemed 
unworthy in his eyes. 
 
Of course that is just what the public knows of the man who now 
calls himself Corvo. The truth is far simpler, far darker: Corvo was a 
simple man with a small family in the city, and a cover job as a mere 
sewer worker. He worked hard using his arcane talents to eradicate 
the many varied denizens that threatened to flood out of the city's 
sewers and bring chaos to the citizens who lived above. Corvo also 
used the sewers as a means of traveling throughout the city 
undetected, allowing him to better get to his marks—for Corvo was 
also an assassin who worked for the highest bidder. He didn't much 
mind that the money helping to pay for his family’s comfortable 
lifestyle was stained with blood. 
 
It was after one hard day of work in the dank sewers that Corvo was heading back to the surface when he came 
across a small group of armed men. Their armor and weapons already covered in the slick of crimson red. They 
said nothing. They merely advanced with dark menace in their eyes and blades in their hands. Outnumbered and 
outmatched, Corvo survived the brutal attack thanks only to his keen knowledge of the sewers he had long 
worked in. Escaping his tormentors, he dived into the city’s refuse, was carried by the foul current, and came 
out into the local river. He was bruised, bleeding, and covered in filth. He swam to shore and, as carefully as he 
could, made his way back home. Once there he found that the front yard and homey exterior looked as it always 
had, as if nothing had changed, but the interior was another story: destroyed beyond anything Corvo could have 
ever imagined. It was not the destruction of his home that held Corvo in place with in cold, paralyzing grip 
however—it was the large amounts of blood that covered the walls, ceiling and floor—far too much for anyone 
to have survived its loss. He followed the trail of chaos to his wife and daughter, and all he could do was cry. 
 
Corvo does not know who was behind the murder of his family, but will never forget the faces that tried to take 
his life deep in the sewers that day. He attempted to hunt them down, but found it to be much harder than he 
anticipated. As time passed he found that he could not locate any of them, and he soon decided to try a different 
tact. Suspecting that it could have been any of the people that hired him, or perhaps revenge from an associate 
of a former target, he waited, biding his time. One by one he infiltrated the companies he worked for and struck 
out against in his heyday. To aid in this endeavor, he chartered a friend to craft him a magical mask that would 
hide his identity as he did his work. With it, he changed his identity, creating an entirely different persona, so 
that those who struck out against him in the sewers, and those in league with them, would not come to know 
him again until it was too late. 
   

Corvo Kenwall 
Human magus 10 
CN Medium humanoid 
Init +6; Senses death watch; Perception +15 
Languages Common, Giant, Sylvan, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 15, flat-footed 13 (+8 armor, +2 deflection, +2 Dex, +1 Dodge, 
+2 natural armor) 
hp 85 plus false life (10 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +7, Will +10 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee +1 spell storing longsword +13/+8 (1d8+4/19-20) or 
+1 spell storing longsword +11/+6 (1d8+8/19-20) with one-handed 
Power Attack, or 
+1 spell storing longsword +11/+6 (1d8+10/19-20) with two-handed Power Attack, or 
+1 spell storing longsword +11/+6 (1d8+4/19-20) with Spell Combat, or 
+1 spell storing longsword +9/+4 (1d8+8/19-20) with Spell Combat and Power Attack 
Ranged heavy crossbow +9 (1d10 /19-20) 
Special Attacks arcane pool (9/day, +3 bonus), bane (10/per day), improved spell combat, spellstrike 
Magus Spells Prepared (CL 10th, Concentration +14, +16 with spell combat) 
4th  (2/day) – dimension door, greater invisibility 
3
rd  (4/day) – fly, haste, keen edge, vampiric touch 
2nd (5/day) – false life, frigid touch
UM, intensified shocking grasp, mirror image, summon swarm 
1st  (6/day) – color spray, grease, shield, shocking grasp (2), true strike 
0  (at-will) – arcane mark, detect magic, ghost sound, mage hand, open/close 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 18 (+4), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 18 (+4), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 8 (-1) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +11; CMD 26 
Feats Additional Traits, Dodge, Fast Learner
B, Improved Initiative, Intensify Spell, Power Attack, Weapon 
Focus (longsword)
B 
Skills Acrobatics +8 (+17 when jumping), Climb +13, Knowledge (arcana) +17, Knowledge (dungeoneering) 
+17, Knowledge (local) +14, Perception +15, Spellcraft +17, Stealth +12; Armor Check Penalty –4 
SQ fighter training, knowledge pool, magus arcana (accurate strike, arcane accuracy, spell blending: false life 
and summon swarm), medium armor, spell recall, traits (eyes and ears of the city, silent hunter) 
Combat Gear arcane spell scrolls (frigid touch, mirror image, obscuring mist, ray of enfeeblement), crossbow 
bolts (20), drow poison (2), potions of cure light wounds (2); Other Gear +1 spell storing longsword 
(typically contains vampiric touch), +2 steel lamellar, amulet of natural armor +2, assassin’s mask (as 
deathwatch eyes, hat of disguise, and mask of stony demeanor), bane baldric, boots of striding and 
springing, cloak of resistance +2, headband of vast intellect +2 (knowledge: local), heavy crossbow, 
lesser metamagic rod of silent spell, pearls of power (1
st 2), scroll case 
Spell Book 4
th-level – dimension door, greater invisibility; 3rd-level – fly, haste, keen edge, ray of exhaustion, 
stinking cloud, vampiric touch; 2nd-level – alter self, false life, frigid touchUM, mirror image, summon 
swarm, web; 1st-level – chill touch, color spray, enlarge person, grease, obscuring mist, ray of 
enfeeblement, shield, shocking grasp, true strike; 0-level – all 
Encumbrance light 100 lb., medium 200 lb., heavy 300 lb.; Weight Carried 64 lb. 8oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Accurate Strike (Ex) You can expend 2 points from your arcane pool as a swift action to resolve all of your 
melee weapon attacks until the end of your turn as melee touch attacks. 

Arcane Pool (Su) You have a reservoir of mystical arcane energy that you can draw upon to fuel your powers 
and enhance your weapon. This arcane pool has a number of points equal to ½ your magus level 
(minimum 1) + your Intelligence modifier. The pool refreshes once each day when you prepare your 
spells. You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a swift action to grant any weapon you are 
holding a +5 enhancement bonus for 1 minute. These bonuses can be added to the weapon, stacking with 
existing weapon enhancement to a maximum of +5. Multiple uses of this ability do not stack with 
themselves. These bonuses can be used to add any of the following weapon properties: dancing, flaming, 
flaming burst, frost, icy burst, keen, shock, shocking burst, speed, or vorpal. Adding these properties 
consumes an amount of bonus equal to the property’s cost. These properties are added to any the 
weapon already has, but duplicates do not stack. If the weapon is not magical, at least a +1 enhancement 
bonus must be added before any other properties can be added. These bonuses and properties are 
decided when the arcane pool point is spent and cannot be changed until the next time you use this 
ability. These bonuses do not function if the weapon is wielded by anyone other than you. You can only 
enhance one weapon in this way at one time. If you use this ability again, the first use immediately ends. 
Fighter Training (Ex) You count ½ your total magus level as your fighter level for the purposes of qualifying 
for feats. If you have levels in fighter, these levels stack. 
Improved Spell Combat (Ex) You can cast spells and wield your weapons at the same time. This functions 
much like two-weapon fighting, but the off-hand weapon is a spell that is being cast. To use this ability, 
you must have one hand free (even if the spell being cast does not have somatic components), while 
wielding a light or one-handed melee weapon in the other hand. As a full-round action, you can make all 
of your attacks with your melee weapon at a –2 penalty and can also cast any spell from the magus spell 
list with a casting time of 1 standard action (any attack roll made as part of this spell also takes this 
penalty). If you cast this spell defensively, you can decide to take an additional penalty on your attack 
rolls, up to your Intelligence bonus, and add that amount +2 as a circumstance bonus on your 
concentration check. If the check fails, the spell is wasted, but the attacks still take the penalty. You can 
choose to cast the spell first or make the weapon attacks first, but if you have more than one attack, you 
cannot cast the spell between weapon attacks. 
Knowledge Pool (Su) When you prepare your magus spells, you can decide to expend 1 or more points from 
your arcane pool, up to your Intelligence bonus. For each point you expend, you can treat any one spell 
from the magus spell list as if it were in your spellbook and can prepare that spell as normal that day. If 
you do not cast spells prepared in this way before the next time you prepares spells, you loses those 
spells. You can also cast spells added in this way using you pool spell ability, but only until you prepare 
spells again. 
Medium Armor (Ex) You can cast magus spells while wearing medium armor without incurring the normal 
arcane spell failure chance. Like any other arcane spellcaster, a magus wearing heavy armor or using a 
shield incurs a chance of arcane spell failure if the spell in question has a somatic component. 
Spell Blending (Ex) You treat one or more wizard spells (shown above) as magus spells. 
Spell Recall (Su) With a swift action you can recall any single magus spell that you have already prepared and 
cast that day by expending a number of points from your arcane pool equal to the spell's level (minimum 
1). The spell is prepared again, just as if it had not been cast 
Spellstrike (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with a range of “touch” from the magus spell list, you can deliver 
the spell through any weapon you are wielding as part of a melee attack. Instead of the free melee touch 
attack normally allowed to deliver the spell, you can make one free melee attack with your weapon (at 
your highest base attack bonus) as part of casting this spell. If successful, this melee attack deals its 
normal damage as well as the effects of the spell. If you make this attack in concert with spell combat, 
this melee attack takes all the penalties accrued by spell combat melee attacks. This attack uses the 
weapon’s critical range (20, 19–20, or 18–20 and modified by the keen weapon property or similar 
effects), but the spell effect only deals ×2 damage on a successful critical hit, while the weapon damage 
uses its own critical modifier. 