

Drosil 
“It’s amazing the things you can learn…when you have nothing but time.” 
 
In  the  waning  days  of  the  Age  of  Darkness,  Drosil  was  a  young  noble, 
plantation owner, and soldier. He possessed much wealth and many servants 
who toiled under the then dark skies of Golarion. They grew a variety of 
lichen, fungi and other plants adapted to near-darkness for their kingdom. 
Drosil and his house witnessed a great deal of evil during this time period, 
having largely survived the depredations of the genocidal purges by the cult 
of the Raven King unscathed. In the end, it was not the sacrificial blades of 
fanatical  cultists,  but  the  light  of  the  noonday  sun  that  would  doom  his 
house. As the skies finally began to clear of the dust left behind by Earthfall, 
Drosil’s crops withered and died. Like many in his line of work, he was no 
longer  able  to  maintain  large  crop  fields  for  his  people;  famine  and 
desperation befell all. 
 
Mere  months  of  living  in  the  light  proved  to  be  intolerable  for  most,  and  many  Shade  Sons  perished  from 
starvation and exposure. Desperate for food, a gang of starving children raided the remnants of Drosil’s plantation. 
In the violence that ensued, Drosil was fatally wounded, but before he could find peace in death, the god of his 
people, the Great Beyonder, appeared. 
 
After  nearly  a  thousand  years  of  absence,  the  Great  Beyonder  heard  the  cries  of  grief  of  Drosil’s  people  and 
returned to them. Every last citizen was lead from their ruined kingdom under the accursed sun, and taken far 
beyond the stars where no light could ever reach them. Though the journey took thousands of years, for Drosil’s 
people, it seemed as if but an instant. 
 
An instant for everyone except Drosil. Like his people, Drosil floated aimlessly in the darkness for an era while 
the Great Beyonder delivered them to their new home. The great pain brought about by his grievous wounds had 
prevented his mind from shutting down during the journey; his caretaker seemingly oblivious to his plight. Fully 
cognizant of his surroundings throughout the entire journey, unable to sleep, unable to move, unable to die; Drosil 
simply floated in a sea of endless darkness forever surrounded by what appeared to be the corpses of his friends 
and loved ones—a never-ending hell from which he was certain he’d never return. 
 
Then it was over. Exposed to the Great Beyonder’s powers for far longer than any other living creature, Drosil’s 
very being was changed forever. Left alone to his thoughts for so long, he discovered that thought transcended 
time and space, which he learned to be mutable things, allowing him to gain great powers over both. However, 
by  the  time  the  Great  Beyonder  had  finally  delivered  his  chosen  subjects  to  their  new  home  on  the  Plane  of 
Shadow, Drosil had also completely lost his mind, becoming a corrupted shadowbound creature. Being alone in 
the void for so long caused his mind to splinter, forging multiple personalities with which he could converse and 
keep himself company. To this day, he remains uncertain that he has in fact returned to reality—ever fearful that 
he is still trapped in the void living out the fancies of his addled mind. 
 
Clearly insane and unable to fully control his powers, temporarily aging anything he touches to ruin, Drosil was 
forced  into  exile  for  fear  he  would  bring  great  harm  to  others.  He  now  travels  the  Material  Plane  by  night, 
sometimes as a young adventurer and sometimes as a venerable sage, as his fractured mind allows. He no longer 
knows his true age, or even really who he is from one day to the next, but he can nevertheless recall every instance 
of his time in the void—a sad fact that makes his insanity nigh incurable by anything short of deific intervention. 
Though he made many great discoveries during that time, they are of such profound magnitude that he is wholly 
unable to communicate them with anyone else in a manner that they could possibly comprehend. Any attempts 
to  do  so  only  make  him  seem  even  more  insane  and  further  serve  to  isolate  him  from  those  around  him—

incidentally spurring his new career as a wondering adventurer capable of little more than working with small 
groups for short periods of time. 
 
Drosil 
Male shadowbound fetchling oracle 9 
CN Medium outsider (native) 
Init +10 (roll twice); Senses darkvision 150 ft., light sensitivity, low-light 
vision; Perception +14 
Languages Aklo, Common, D’ziriak (understand only) 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 14, flat-footed 23 (+6 armor, +2 deflection, +2 Dex, +3 
natural, +2 shield) 
hp 65 (9 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +7, Will +7; –4 vs. fear effects or on saves made to protect 
personal possessions 
Resist cold 5, electricity 5 
Defensive Abilities shadow blending 
Immune fear removal effects 
OFFENS43TE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. without armor 
Melee +1 club +5/+0 (1d6–1) 
erase from time +7 touch (nonexistence for 4 rounds) or 
touch of ruin +6 touch (4d10 plus 1 ability drain) 
Ranged +1 club +7 (1d6–1) 
Special Attacks revelations (erase from time, rewind time, temporal celerity, time hop), shadowbound 
manifestations (earie perception, frightful, regretful gaze, touch of ruin 4d10) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 9th, Concentration +16) 
1/day – disguise self (any humanoid), shadow walk 
Oracle Spells Known (CL 9th, Concentration +14) 
4th  (5/day) – aura of doom
UM, blessing of fervorAPG, cure critical woundsB, threefold aspectB APG 
3rd  (8/day) – borrow fortuneAPG, cure serious woundsB, nap stack
APG, sands of time
B UM, steal yearsBotN 
2nd (8/day) – ally across timeLotFW, cure moderate woundsB, darkness, gentle repose
B, martyr’s 
bargainISM, silence 
1st  (8/day) – abundant ammunitionUC, command, cure light woundsB, embrace destinyLK, fallback 
strategyISG, lucky numberOM, memory lapse
B APG 
0  (at will) – create water, detect magic, detect poison, guidance, light, mending, purify food and drink, 
stabilize 
Mystery time 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 11 (+0), Dex 15 (+2), Con 13 (+1), Int 14 (+2), Wis 6 (–2), Cha 24 (+7) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +6; CMD 20 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Deepsight, Extra Revelation, Improved Initiative, Noble Scion (scion of war) 
Skills Diplomacy +19, Disable Device +14, Intimidate +11, Knowledge (history) +17, Knowledge (planes) +14, 
Perception +14, Spellcraft +14, Stealth +17; Armor Check Penalty –7 (not included); Racial Bonuses 
+2 Knowledge (planes), +2 Stealth 
SQ corruption (shadowbound; stage 2, manifestation level 4, DC 16), oracle’s curse: wrecker 
Gear +1 club, +2 heavy wooden shield, +3 agile breastplate, amulet of natural armor +3, cloak of resistance 
+3, headband of alluring charisma +4, jewelry (150gp worth), noble’s outfit, ring of protection +2, 
sleeves of many garments, tender (43gp), traveler’s any-tool 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 43 lb. (excluding tender) 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Eerie Perception You gain darkvision to a range of 60 feet. If you already have darkvision, the range of your 
darkvision increases by 30 feet instead. You also gain a +4 bonus on Perception and Stealth checks. 
However, you also gain light sensitivity, causing you to be dazzled in areas of bright light. 
Erase from Time (Su) As a melee touch attack, you can temporarily remove a creature from time altogether. 
The target creature must make a Fortitude save or vanish completely for a number of rounds equal to ½ 
your oracle level (minimum 1 round). No magic or divinations can detect the creature during this time, 
as it exists outside of time and space—in effect, the creature ceases to exist for the duration of this 
ability. At the end of the duration, the creature reappears unharmed in the space it last occupied (or the 
nearest possible space, if the original space is now occupied). You can use this ability once per day. 
Frightful You gain a +4 bonus on Intimidate checks and the DCs of fear effects that you create increase by 2. 
However, you also take a –4 penalty on saving throws against fear effects, and you lose any immunities 
to fear you might otherwise possess. You also gain immunity to effects that would remove your fear 
(such as remove fear). 
Oracle’s Curse: Wrecker Held objects gain the broken condition when you use or equip them but regain their 
actual condition if employed by anyone else. If a held item is restored to unbroken condition, it becomes 
broken again the following round. Disable Device becomes a class skill for you and you can make 
Disable Device checks to destroy nonmagical traps as a move action without the need to use tools or 
take any action beyond simply touching it. Whenever you attempt to damage an object with a melee 
attack, reduce its hardness by an amount equal to your oracle level before determining the damage you 
deal with that attack. 
Regretful Gaze You gain a gaze attack that causes foes within 30 feet to become shaken for 1 round unless 
they succeed at a Will save. You can suppress this ability as a free action and cause it to resume as a 
swift action. A creature that succeeds at the saving throw is immune to your regretful gaze for 24 hours. 
However, your Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution scores are each 1 point lower than normal, or by 
however much they would be reduced if you were one age category older, whichever is worse for you. 
Rewind Time (Su) Once per day as an immediate action, you can reroll any one d20 roll that you have just 
made before the results of the roll are revealed. You must take the result of the reroll, even if it’s worse 
than the original roll. 
Shadow Blending (Su) Attacks against you in dim light have a 50% miss chance instead of the normal 20% 
miss chance. This ability does not grant total concealment; it just increases the miss chance. 
Temporal Celerity (Su) Whenever you roll for initiative, you can roll twice and take either result. You can 
always act in the surprise round, but if you fail to notice the ambush, you act last, regardless of your 
initiative result (you act in the normal order in following rounds). 
Time Hop (Su) As a move action, you can teleport up to 10 feet per oracle level that you possess per day. This 
teleportation must be used in 5-foot increments. This movement does not provoke attacks of 
opportunity. You must have line of sight to your destination to use this ability. You can bring other 
willing creatures with you, but you must expend an equal amount of distance for each creature brought. 
Touch of Ruin As a standard action a number of times per day equal to your manifestation level, you can make 
a melee touch attack that deals 1d10 points of damage per manifestation level you have. A creature 
touched this way takes 1 point of ability drain to the ability score of your choice unless it succeeds at a 
Fortitude save. Creatures immune to magical aging are immune to this touch attack. Any clothing or 
gear you wear or carry seems strangely faded and timeworn as long as you wear or carry it. Treat such 
items’ hardness as half the normal amount. You take a –4 penalty on saving throws to protect items in 
your possession from damage or destruction. 