

Grigori Keon Chul (aka Father Grigori) 
“Ten thousand futures have I looked at. A hundred thousand! And in only one does mankind finally unite, and flourish...and survive. 
Only one—that which is ruled by me.” 
 
Keon Chul is a  man of strong ambitions. Unfortunately  for the  world, Keon Chul has the skills and preparation to back up his 
overweening ambitions, and the brilliant schemes of one of the most cunning and intelligent beings in the entire world. Like many great 
leaders, Keon Chul often works through lackeys and servitor creatures while he plots and schemes from behind the scenes. He’s quite 
prepared to abandon servants and attempts if they fail, and simply try again later in a better way. Tiring of the continual betrayals and 
chaos within the political world, he has decided that the best future for mankind is united under him and his church—controlled by the 
laws of a zealous doctrine. Those who meet him discover Keon Chul to be calm, cultured, and even pleasant. Keon Chul is polite but 
blunt and can be plunged instantly into cold, controlled rage by insolence or deliberate defiance. On the other hand, he seems to admire 
those who cross or foil him by cleverness, as long as they treat him politely. He’s always spinning more simultaneous intrigues than 
most living beings have years in their lives, and with his domination ever growing, he seems content to view existence as a great game. 
  Father Grigori 
  

Male human cleric 9 
LN Medium humanoid 
Init +0; Senses Perception +5 
Languages Common, Celestial, Infernal, Osiriani 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 10, flat-footed 22 (+8 armor, +4 shield) 
hp 56 (9 HD) 
Fort +6, Ref +3, Will +11 
Immune alignment discernment, detect thoughts, discern lies 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. when unarmored 
Melee +2 morningstar +8/+3 (1d8+2) with greater magic weapon 
Ranged by weapon +6/+1 
Special Attacks channel positive energy 8/day (5d6, DC 21) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 9
th; Concentration +14) 
8/day – inspiring word (4 rounds), touch of glory (+9) 
Cleric Spells Prepared (CL 9th; Concentration +14) 
5th-level (3/day) – fickle windsUM, greater commandD, summon monster V 
4th-level (4/day) – aura of doomUM, blessing of ferverAPG, discern lies
D, greater magic weapon 
3rd-level (5/day) – create food and water, magic vestmentD, prayer, speak with dead, wrathful mantleAPG 
2nd-level (6/day) – align weapon, calm emotions, enthrall
D, lesser restoration, make whole, shield otherF 
1st-level (7/day) – command, detect evil, detect undead, divine favor
D, sanctuary, remove fear 
0-level (5/day) – detect magic, detect poison, guidance, light, purify food and drink 
D Domain spell; Domains glory, nobility 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 10 (+0), Con 10 (+0), Int 16 (+3), Wis 20 (+5), Cha 20 (+5*) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +6; CMD 16 
Feats Additional Traits, Deceitful, Forge Ring, LeadershipB (base 23, cohort 23, followers 25), Persuasive, Skill Focus (bluff
B, 
diplomacy
B, intimidate) 
Skills Bluff +24*, Craft (jewelry) +15, Diplomacy +27*, Disguise +9*, Intimidate +21*, Knowledge (local) +12, Knowledge 
(nobility) +15, Knowledge (religion) +20; Check Penalty –5 
SQ aura of good (strong), divine presence (9 rounds/day, DC 19), focused study, spontaneous casting (cure spells), traits (armor 
expert, natural-born leader) 
Combat Gear wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear breastplate of command, cassock of the clergy, headband of 
mental superiority +2 (knowledge: local), heavy steel shield, mask of lies (see below), masterwork morningstar, platinum 
holy symbol, ring of the ecclesiarch, ring of mind shielding, tender (497gp) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 58 lb. 1 oz. (excluding tender) 
 
* Increases by +1 when used against Lawful Neutral characters or Father Grigori’s faithful. 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Channel Energy (Su) You may release a burst of positive energy in a 30-ft. radius burst as a standard action. When doing so you 
can choose to heal living creatures in the area (5d6 healing) or to harm undead (5d6 damage, Will DC 21 half). You can 
channel energy a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. This is a standard action that does not 
provoke an attack of opportunity. You can choose whether or not to include yourself in this effect. You must be able to 
present your holy symbol to use this ability. 
Divine Presence (Su) You can emit a 30-foot aura of divine presence for a number of rounds per day equal to your cleric level. All 
allies within this aura are treated as if under the effects of a sanctuary spell with a DC equal to 10 + ½ your cleric level + 
your Wisdom modifier. These rounds do not need to be consecutive. Activating this ability is a standard action. If an ally 
leaves the area or makes an attack, the effect ends for that ally. If you make an attack, the effect ends for you and your 
allies. 
Inspiring Word (Sp) As a standard action, you can speak an inspiring word to a creature within 30 feet. That creature receives a +2 
morale bonus on attack rolls, skill checks, ability checks, and saving throws for a number of rounds equal to ½ your cleric 
level (minimum 1). You can use this power a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Wisdom modifier.  
Leadership (Ex) You receive Leadership as a bonus feat. In addition, you gain a +2 bonus on your leadership score as long as you 
uphold the tenets of your deity. 
Touch of Glory (Sp) You can cause your hand to shimmer with divine radiance, allowing you to touch a creature as a standard 
action and give it a bonus equal to your cleric level on a single Charisma-based skill check or Charisma ability check. This 
ability lasts for 1 hour or until the creature touched elects to apply the bonus to a roll. You can use this ability to grant the 
bonus a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Wisdom modifier. 
 
Cohort: Nyalil Stormstrike (uses holy warrior stats, GameMastery Guide 269) 
Followers: Though he has countless other servants, Keon Chul’s personal retinue of fanatics are as follows: 4 battle mages 
(GameMastery Guide 256; possess wands of magic missile rather than shocking grasp), 4 noble crusaders (NPC Codex 46; possess 
Craft Magic Arms and Armor and Spellcraft rather than Combat Casting and Diplomacy, respectively), 8 investigator wizards (NPC 
Codex 179; possess Craft Wondrous Item rather than Improved Initiative), 14 poachers (NPC Codex 129), 26 skulking brutes (NPC 
Codex 144), 100 superstitious mercenaries (NPC Codex 80), and 170 various other 1st-level NPCs (generally acolytes, nobles, and 
spies). Each of these fanatics all consider themselves followers of Iomedae, but are absolutely loyal to Keon Chul first and foremost, 
and will die (or even fall in the case of paladins) for him and his goals if need be. They each gain a +4 morale bonus on Will saves 
against enchantment spells and effects. Additionally, they each gain a +2 resistance bonus to saves against fear effects when within 
360 feet of Keon Chul. 
 
MASK OF LIES 
Aura moderate transmutation; CL 6th 
Slot head; Price 2,500gp; Weight 1 lb. 
DESCRIPTION 
An elaborate mask made from mithral wire, precious gems, and adamantine, the mask of lies is a unique magical headpiece that grants 
its wearer uncanny abilities of deceit. It magically adheres to the wearer’s face, granting the subject a distinctly commanding 
appearance and making accidental removal virtually impossible. When worn, this mask conceals emotions that might be betrayed by 
one’s facial expression behind a calm façade and transforms one’s voice into a cold, heartless monotone, granting a +5 competence 
bonus on all Bluff checks. 
CONSTRUCTION 
Requirements Craft Wondrous Item, innocence; Cost 1,250gp 
  