

Sajan “Floating Mountain” Viraj 
Male sylph monk 7 (drunken master, monk of the four winds) 
LG Medium humanoid (human)/outsider (native) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +13 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Halfling 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 19, flat-footed 18 (+2 armor, +1 deflection, +3 Dex, +1 
dodge, +1 monk, +1 natural, +3 Wis); +2 vs. nonmagical ranged 
attacks 
hp 52 (7 HD) 
Fort +6, Ref +8, Will +8 
Defensive Abilities breeze kissed, evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 70 ft. (14 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +9 (1d8+4) or 
unarmed strike +9/+9 (1d8+4) with Flurry of Blows 
Ranged javelin +8 (1d6+4) 
Racial Spell-like Ability (CL 7
th; Concentration +6) 
1/day – speak with animals (flying animals only) 
Special Attacks breeze kissed 1/day, elemental fist 7/day (+2d6 energy damage), flurry of blows, unarmed 
strike (1d8) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 18 (+4), Dex 16 (+3), Con 13 (+1), Int 14 (+2), Wis 16 (+3), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +11; CMD 25 
Feats Dodge
B, Elemental FistB, Fleet (3), Improved Unarmed Strike
B, Mobility
B, Scorpion Style
B (3 rounds, DC 
16), Spring Attack 
Skills Acrobatics +13 (+36 when jumping), Climb +14, Escape Artist +13, Perception +13, Stealth +13, Swim 
+14 
SQ drunken ki (up to 3 points), fast movement, high jump, ki pool (6 points, cold iron, magic, silver), like the 
wind, maneuver training, mostly human, slow fall 30 ft., wholeness of body (cures 7 hp) 
Combat Gear ale of life (as restorative ointment, 5 uses remaining), tankards of ale (9); Other Gear bead 
necklace (worth 250gp), amulet of natural armor +1, belt of physical might +2 (strength, constitution), 
bracers of armor +2, cloak of resistance +1, masterwork javelins (4), ring of protection +1, tender 
(41gp, 4sp, 6cp) 
Encumbrance light 100 lb., medium 200 lb., heavy 300 lb.; Weight Carried 29 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
AC Bonus (Ex) When unarmored and unencumbered, you add your Wisdom bonus +1 to your AC and your 
CMD (included above). These bonuses to AC apply even against touch attacks or when you are flat-
footed. You lose these bonuses when you are immobilized or helpless, when you wear any armor, or 
when you carry a shield or medium or greater load. 
Breeze-Kissed (Su) Breezes seem to follow most sylphs wherever they go, but you are better able to control 
these winds than others. You can surround yourself with swirling winds, gaining a +2 racial bonus to 
AC against nonmagical ranged attacks. You can calm or renew these winds as a swift action. Once per 
day, you may channel this wind into a single gust, making a bull rush or trip combat maneuver attempt 
against one creature within 30 feet. Whether or not the attempt succeeds, the winds are exhausted and no 
longer provide a bonus to your AC for 24 hours. 
Drunken Ki (Su) You can drink a tankard of ale or strong alcohol and gain one temporary ki point. The act of 
drinking is a standard action that does not provoke attacks of opportunity. There is a limit to how many 
drunken ki points you can have at once (shown above). These drunken ki points last for 1 hour or until 

spent, whichever is shorter. As long as you have at least 1 drunken ki point, you can spend 1 ki point as 
a swift action to move 5 feet without provoking attacks of opportunity. 
Drunken Strength (Su) You can spend 1 point of ki as a swift action to inflict 1d6 extra points of damage on a 
single successful melee attack. You may choose to apply the damage after the attack roll is made. You 
must have at least 1 drunken ki point to use this ability. 
Elemental Fist (Su) You gain Elemental Fist as a bonus feat, even if you do not meet the prerequisites. You 
also benefit from increased energy damage (as shown above). 
Evasion (Ex) If you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage 
on a successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light 
armor or no armor. If you are helpless, you do not gain the benefit of evasion. 
Fast Movement (Ex) If wearing no armor and not carrying a medium load, you gain a +20 enhancement bonus 
to your base land speed. 
Flurry of Blows (Ex) You can make a flurry of blows as a full-attack action. When doing so you may make one 
additional attack using any combination of unarmed strikes or attacks with a special monk as if using the 
Two-Weapon Fighting feat (even if you do not meet the prerequisites for the feat). For the purpose of 
these attacks, your base attack bonus is equal to your monk level. For all other purposes, such as 
qualifying for a feat or a prestige class, you use your normal base attack bonus. You apply your full 
Strength bonus to your damage rolls for all successful attacks made with flurry of blows, whether the 
attacks are made with an off-hand or with a weapon wielded in both hands. You may substitute disarm, 
sunder, and trip combat maneuvers for unarmed attacks as part of a flurry of blows. You cannot use any 
weapon other than an unarmed strike or a special monk weapon as part of a flurry of blows. You cannot 
use natural weapons as part of a flurry of blows, nor can you make natural attacks in addition to your 
flurry of blows attacks. 
High Jump (Ex) You add your monk level to all Acrobatics checks made to jump, both for vertical jumps and 
horizontal jumps (included above). In addition, you always count as having a running start when making 
jump checks using Acrobatics. By spending 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action, you gain a +20 
bonus on Acrobatics checks made to jump for 1 round. 
Ki Pool (Su) You gain 6 ki points. As long as you have at least 1 point in your ki pool, you can make a ki 
strike. Your ki strike allows your unarmed attacks to be treated as magic weapons for the purpose of 
overcoming damage reduction. By spending 1 point from your ki pool, you can make one additional 
attack at your highest attack bonus when making a flurry of blows attack. In addition, you can spend 1 
point to increase your speed by 20 feet for 1 round. Finally, you can spend 1 point from your ki pool to 
give yourself a +4 dodge bonus to AC for 1 round. Each of these powers is activated as a swift action. 
The ki pool is replenished each morning after 8 hours of rest or meditation; these hours do not need to be 
consecutive. 
Like the Wind You gain a +5 foot bonus to your base speed (included above). 
Maneuver Training (Ex) You use your monk level in place of your base attack bonus when calculating your 
Combat Maneuver Bonus (included above). Base attack bonuses granted from other classes are 
unaffected and are added normally. 
Sky Speaker (Sp) You feel kinship toward the creatures of the air, and can use speak with animals once per day 
to speak to birds or other flying animals. Your caster level for this effect is equal to your level. 
Slow Fall (Ex) When within arm’s reach of a wall you can use it to slow your descent. You take damage as if 
the fall were 30 feet shorter than it actually is. 
Unarmed Strike You gain Improved Unarmed Strike as a bonus feat. Your attacks may be with fist, elbows, 
knees, and feet. This means that you may make unarmed strikes with his hands full. There is no such 
thing as an off-hand attack for you. You may apply your full Strength bonus on damage rolls for all of 
your unarmed strikes. Usually your unarmed strikes deal lethal damage, but you can choose to deal 
nonlethal damage instead with no penalty on your attack roll. You have the same choice to deal lethal or 
nonlethal damage while grappling. Your unarmed strike is treated as both a manufactured weapon and a 
natural weapon for the purpose of spells and effects that enhance or improve either manufactured 
weapons or natural weapons. You deal more damage with your unarmed strikes than a normal person 
would, as shown above. 

Wholeness of Body (Su) You can heal your own wounds as a standard action. You can heal a number of hit 
points of damage equal to your monk level by using 2 points from your ki pool. 