

Geyger Yates 
Male elf unchained rogue 10 (burglar) 
CN Medium humanoid (elf) 
Init +8; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +15 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 24, touch 16, flat-footed 18 (+6 armor, +1 deflection, +6 Dex, +1 
natural) 
hp 72 (10 HD) 
Fort +6, Ref +15, Will +7 
Defensive Abilities danger sense +3, evasion; Immune light-based 
blindness and dazzle effects 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares); run ×5 
Melee +1 conductive rapier +14/+9 (1d6+7/18-20) or 
shocking grasp +13 touch (5d6 electricity) 
Ranged +1 underwater light crossbow +14 (1d8+1/19-20) 
Special Attacks debilitating injury, finesse training (rapier), sneak attack +5d6 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 10
th except where noted; Concentration +13) 
At will – detect magic, light (CL 11
th) 
10/day – shocking grasp (may empower or quicken up to 3/day each) 
1/day – comprehend languages, detect poison, read magic 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 22 (+6), Con 12 (+1), Int 16 (+3), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +13 (+15 steal); CMD 24 (26 vs steal) 
Feats Agile Maneuvers, Empower Spell-Like Ability (shocking grasp), Extra Rogue Talent (2), Improved 
StealB, Quicken Spell-Like Ability (shocking grasp), RunB, Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Acrobatics +19 (+29 jumping), Appraise +16, Bluff +13, Climb +13, Disable Device +28, Disguise +13 
(+23 with disguise self), Escape Artist +25, Knowledge (local) +16, Perception +15 (+18 to avoid 
surprise, +20 to find traps, +25 to find floor traps within 10 feet), Sleight of Hand +24, Stealth +19 
SQ careful disarm, compression, distraction, envoy, fleet-footed, rogue’s edge (acrobatics, disable 
device), lightbringer, rogue talents (combat swipe, dispelling attack, expert leaper, ledge walker, major 
magic, minor magic, quick disable), trapfinding +5 
Combat Gear caltrops (3), chime of opening (10 charges), crossbow bolts (10), elixir of vision (2), snapleaf (2); 
Other Gear +1 conductive rapier, +1 underwater light crossbow, +2 mithral shirt, amulet of natural 
armor +1, belt of the weasel, burglar’s bracers, cloak of resistance +2, gloves of larceny, hat of 
disguise, minor burglar boots, pathfinder pouch, ring of protection +1, robe of infinite twine, tender 
(60sp), traveler’s any-tool, treasure hunter’s goggles, vest of escape 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 32 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Careful Disarm (Ex) Whenever you attempt to disarm a trap using Disable Device, you do not spring the trap 
unless you fail by 10 or more. If you do set off a trap you were attempting to disarm, you add double 
your danger sense bonus to avoid the trap. 
Compression (Ex) You can move through an area as small as one-quarter your space without squeezing or 
one-eighth your space when squeezing. 
Danger Sense (Ex) You gain a +3 bonus on Reflex saves to avoid traps and a +3 dodge bonus to AC against 
attacks made by traps. In addition, you gain a +3 bonus on Perception checks to avoid being surprised by 
a foe. 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) When you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of your 
attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue talent 

or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the 
following penalties when the damage is dealt. 
Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty 
to AC. The target takes an additional –4 penalty to AC against all 
attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls. In 
addition, the target takes an additional –4 penalty on all attack rolls it 
makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a 
minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional 
attacks that deal sneak attack damage extend the duration by 1 
round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from 
this ability at a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty 
immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a target suffering 
from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Dispelling Attack (Su) An opponent that is dealt sneak attack damage by you is affected by a targeted dispel 
magic affecting the lowest-level spell effect active on the target. The caster level for this ability is equal 
to your rogue level. 
Distraction (Ex) Whenever you are detected while using Stealth, you can immediately attempt a Bluff skill 
check opposed by the Sense Motive skill of the creature that spotted you. If this check succeeds, the 
target assumes that the noise was something innocent and disregards the detection. This only functions if 
the creature cannot see you. This ability can only be used once during a given Stealth attempt. If the 
same creature detects your presence again, the ability has no effect.  
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Expert Leaper (Ex) When using the Acrobatics skill to jump, you are always considered to have a running 
start and add your rogue level to the check result. Whenever you deliberately fall, a successful DC 15 
Acrobatics check allows you to ignore the first 20 feet fallen. For every 5 by which you exceed the DC 
of this check, you can ignore an additional 10 feet of distance fallen. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, you can select any one type of 
weapon that can be used with Weapon Finesse (such as rapiers or daggers). Once this choice is made, it 
cannot be changed. Whenever you make a successful melee attack with the selected weapon, you add 
your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the damage roll. If any effect would 
prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you do not add your Dexterity 
modifier. 
Ledge Walker (Ex) You can move along narrow, uneven, or slippery surfaces (such as ice) at full speed using 
the Acrobatics skill without penalty. In addition, you are not flat-footed when using Acrobatics to move 
along such surfaces, and retain your Dexterity bonus to AC. 
Quick Disable (Ex) It takes you half the normal amount of time to disable a trap using the Disable Device skill 
(minimum 1 round). When you use Disable Device to open a lock that would normally take a full-round 
action to open, you reduce the duration to a standard action. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered two skills beyond their normal boundaries, gaining results that others 
can only dream about. 
Acrobatics: You can move at normal speed through a threatened square without provoking an attack 
of opportunity by increasing the DC of the check by 5 (instead of by 10). You aren’t denied your 
Dexterity bonus when attempting Acrobatics checks with DCs of 20 or lower. 
You can attempt an Acrobatics check at a –10 penalty and use the result as your CMD against trip 
maneuvers. You can also attempt an Acrobatics check at a –10 penalty in place of a Reflex save to avoid 
falling. You must choose to use this ability before the trip attempt or Reflex save is rolled. With a 
successful DC 20 Acrobatics check, you treat an unintentional fall as 10 feet shorter plus 10 feet for 

every 10 by which you exceed the DC, and treat an intentional fall as 10 feet shorter for every 10 by 
which you exceed the DC. 
Disable Device: Reduce the time required to disarm a trap or open a lock by taking a –5 penalty on 
your Disable Device check for each step by which you reduce the time required: 2d4 rounds, 1d4 
rounds, 1 round, a standard action, a move action, a swift action. 
When attempting to disable magic traps, you never trigger them, even if you perform the trigger 
action (such as looking at a symbol). If you fail the check, you can still trigger the trap, and you can’t use 
this ability to bypass it. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 5d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Trapfinding You add ½ your rogue level on Perception checks to locate traps and on Disable Device checks 
(minimum +1). You can use Disable Device to disarm magic traps. 