

Grey 
“Don’t run…you’ll only die tired.” 
 
Grey grew up quick and he grew up mean. Abandoned at birth, he grew up within the fetid sewers of a bustling 
city not knowing that he was anything more than a monster. He would skulk below the surface during the day, 
emerging only at night to forage for supplies by breaking into homes and shops on the surface. 
 
Eventually, Grey was discovered by the local thieves’ guild, who had been most interested in finding the young 
upstart who had been infringing upon their territory for some years. Grey was spared by the guild only due to the 
accidental discovery of his unique ability to change shape. The guild master, recognizing the usefulness of Grey’s 
abilities, took the young street urchin on as an apprentice, gave him a proper education, and taught him everything 
he knew about stealing identities and pulling off cons. 
 
Over the next two decades, Grey was slowly groomed into a prodigious member of the guild, as well as a master 
of assassination. Due to his legendary skill and natural abilities, Grey was never discovered by the local authorities 
and he never gained much notoriety outside of his own guild. Eventually, Grey grew bored of his criminal life-
style and left the guild to take up more exciting adventures elsewhere in the world. For a time, he participated in 
a military campaign as a member of a small espionage group. During this time, he quickly rose to the rank of 
Colonel, all the while never revealing his monstrous heritage. When the campaign ended, he retired from his post 
and resumed traveling the world in search of adventure. He now wanders the various nations of the world as an 
opportunist. 
 
Grey 
Male doppelganger unchained rogue 6/assassin 10 
N Medium monstrous humanoid (human, shapechanger) 
Init +14; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +25 
Languages Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Draconic, 
Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnome, Goblin, Gnoll, Halfling, Ignan, 
Infernal, Orc, Sylvan, Terran, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 36, touch 26, flat-footed 25 (+6 armor, +5 deflection, +10 Dex, +1 dodge, 
+4 natural); trap sense +2 
hp 149 (20 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +29, Will +16; +2 vs. enchantment, +5 vs. poison 
Defensive Abilities danger sense +2, evasion, improved uncanny dodge; 
Immune charm, sleep; magical alignment-, lie-, and thought-detection 
(DC 31 caster level check to break) 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee +5 adamantine keen speed rapier +30/+30/+25/+20 (1d6+15/15-20) and claw +20 (1d8+2) or 
+5 adamantine returning dagger +31/+26/+21 (1d4+9/17-20) and claw +20 (1d8+2) or 
2 claws +25/+25 (1d8+4 each) 
Ranged +5 adamantine returning dagger +31/+26/+21 (1d4+9/17-20) 
Special Attacks angel of death 1/day, death attack (DC 27, 1d6+10 rounds), debilitating injury, finesse training 
(rapier), quiet death, sneak attack +9d6, suggestion (DC 19), swift death 1/day, true death (DC 25) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 18th; Concentration +22) 
At will – detect thoughts (DC 16) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 18 (+4), Dex 30 (+10), Con 12 (+1), Int 20 (+5), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 18 (+4) 
Base Atk +15; CMB +19 (+31 with dagger, +30 with rapier); CMD 45 

Feats Ability Focus (death attack), Accomplished Sneak Attacker, Bleeding Critical, Critical Focus, Dodge, 
Human Guise, Improved Critical (dagger), Improved Initiative, Mobility, Spring Attack, Weapon 
Finesse
B, Weapon Focus (daggerB) 
Skills Acrobatics +28 (+37 when jumping), Bluff +31, Climb +27, Diplomacy +27, Disable Device +37, 
Disguise +31 (+41 with perfect copy), Escape Artist +16, Linguistics +28, Perception +25 (+28 to find 
traps), Ride +30, Sleight of Hand +23 (+33 to conceal weapons), Stealth +33, Swim +17; Racial 
Modifiers +4 Bluff, +4 Disguise 
SQ change shape (alter self), hidden weapons, hide in plain sight, mimicry, perfect copy, poison use, rogue 
talents (bleeding attack 9, fast stealth, weapon training), rogue’s edge (bluff), still mind, trapfinding +3 
Gear +5 adamantine keen speed rapier, +5 adamantine returning dagger, belt of incredible dexterity +6, boots 
of striding and springing, bracers of armor +6, cloak of resistance +5, figurine of wondrous power 
(ebony fly), handy haversack, headband of vast intellect +4 (climb, swim), manual of quickness in 
action +3 (already read), ring of invisibility, ring of protection +5, tender (1,778gp), vest of escape 
Encumbrance light 100 lb., medium 200 lb., heavy 300 lb.; Weight Carried 13 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Angel of Death (Su) Once per day, when you make a successful death attack, you can cause the target’s body 
to crumble to dust. This prevents raise dead and resurrection (although true resurrection works as 
normal). You must declare the use of this ability before the attack is made. If the attack misses or the 
target successfully saves against the death attack, this ability is wasted with no effect. 
Bleeding Attack You can cause living opponents to bleed by hitting them with a sneak attack. This attack 
causes the target to take 1 additional point of damage each round for each die of sneak attack you 
possess. Bleeding creatures take that amount of damage every round at the start of each of their turns. 
The bleeding can be stopped by a DC 15 Heal check or the application of any effect that heals hit point 
damage. Bleeding damage from this ability does not stack with itself. Bleeding damage bypasses any 
damage reduction the creature might possess. 
Change Shape (Su) You can assume the appearance of a specific creature or type of creature (usually a 
humanoid), but you retain most of your own physical qualities. You cannot change shape to a form more 
than one size category smaller or larger than your original form. This ability functions as alter self, but 
you do not adjust your ability scores (although you gain any other abilities of the creature you mimic). 
Danger Sense (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on Reflex saves to avoid traps and a +2 dodge bonus to AC against 
attacks made by traps. In addition, you gain a +2 bonus on Perception checks to avoid being surprised by 
a foe. This ability counts as trap sense for the purpose of any feat or class prerequisite, and can be 
replaced by any archetype class feature that replaces trap sense. The bonuses gained from this ability 
stack with those gained from trap sense (from another class). 
Death Attack (Ex) If you study your victim for 3 rounds and then make a sneak attack with a melee weapon 
that successfully deals damage, the sneak attack has the additional effect of possibly either paralyzing or 
killing the target (your choice). Studying the victim is a standard action. The death attack fails if the 
target detects you or recognizes you as an enemy (although the attack might still be a sneak attack if the 
target is denied his Dexterity bonus to his Armor Class or is flanked). If the victim of such a death attack 
fails a Fortitude save (DC 27) against the kill effect, they die. If the saving throw fails against the 
paralysis effect, the victim is rendered helpless and unable to act for 1d6+10 rounds. If the victim’s 
saving throw succeeds, the attack is just a normal sneak attack. Once you have completed the 3 rounds 
of study, you must make the death attack within the next 3 rounds. If a death attack is attempted and 
fails (the victim makes their save) or if you do not launch the attack within 3 rounds of completing the 
study, 3 new rounds of study are required before you can attempt another death attack. 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 

Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty to AC. The target takes an 
additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by the rogue. At 10th level and 16th level, the 
penalty to AC against attacks made by the rogue increases by –2 (to a total maximum of –8). 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls. In addition, the target takes an additional –
2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against the rogue. At 10th level and 16th level, the penalty on attack 
rolls made against the rogue increases by –2 (to a total maximum of –8). 
Hampered: All of the target's speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 
a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor, and are not helpless. 
Fast Stealth (Ex) You may move at full speed while using the Stealth skill at no penalty. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, whenever you make a successful 
melee attack with a rapier, you add your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the 
damage roll. If any effect would prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you 
do not add your Dexterity modifier. 
Hidden Weapons (Ex) You add your assassin levels to all Sleight of Hand checks made to conceal weapons on 
your person (included above). 
Hide in Plain Sight (Su) You can use the Stealth skill even while being observed. As long as you are within 10 
feet of some sort of shadow or an area of dim light, you can hide yourself from view in the open without 
having anything to actually hide behind. You cannot, however, hide in your own shadow. 
Improved Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You cannot be caught flat-footed, nor do you lose your Dexterity bonus to AC 
if the attacker is invisible. You still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. You can still lose 
your Dexterity bonus to AC if an opponent successfully uses the feint action against you. Additionally, 
you can no longer be flanked. This defense denies another rogue the ability to sneak attack you by 
flanking you, unless the attacker has at least four more effective rogue levels than the you do. If a 
character already has uncanny dodge from another class, the levels from the classes that grant uncanny 
dodge stack to determine the minimum rogue level required to flank the character (20th). 
Mimicry (Ex) You are proficient in all weapons, armor, and shields. In addition, you can use any spell trigger 
or spell completion item as if the spells were on your spell list. Your caster level is equal to your racial 
Hit Dice. 
Perfect Copy (Su) When you use change shape, it can assume the appearance of specific individuals. 
Poison Use You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying poison 
to a blade. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Bluff: You take no penalty to Bluff a creature after a failed check unless you failed by 5 or more. 
Additionally, creatures magically attempting to read your thoughts, detect your alignment, or reveal 
when you are lying must attempt a caster level check (DC = 11 + your ranks in Bluff) or the effect 
reveals nothing. What’s more, as a full-round action, you can make a suggestion (as the spell, maximum 
duration 1 hour) to a creature within 30 feet (Will negates, DC = 15 + your Charisma modifier). A 
creature that saves against your suggestion is immune to further uses of this effect for 24 hours, and 
whenever the suggested creature is specifically confronted with proof of your manipulation, it receives 
another saving throw. This is an extraordinary mind-affecting compulsion. 
Quiet Death (Ex) Whenever you kill a creature using your death attack during a surprise round, you can also 
make a Stealth check, opposed by the Perception checks of those in the vicinity to prevent them from 

identifying you as the assailant. If successful, those nearby might not even notice that the target is dead 
for a few moments, allowing you to avoid detection. 
Save Bonus against Poison You gain a +5 saving throw bonus against poisons (included above). 
Sneak Attack If you can catch an opponent when he is unable to defend himself effectively from your attack, 
you can strike a vital spot for extra damage. Your attack deals 9d6 extra damage anytime your target 
would be denied a Dexterity bonus to AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or 
when you flank your target. Ranged attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 
feet. This additional damage is precision damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon 
that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that 
deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to 
deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see 
the target well enough to pick out a vital spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak 
attack while striking a creature with total concealment. 
Still Mind (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on saving throws against enchantment spells and effects (included above). 
Swift Death (Ex) Once per day, you can make a death attack against a foe without studying the foe beforehand. 
You must still sneak attack your foe using a melee weapon that deals damage. 
Trapfinding You add ½ your rogue level to Perception skill checks made to locate traps and to Disable Device 
skill checks. You can use Disable Device to disarm magic traps. 
True Death (Su) Anyone slain by your death attack becomes more difficult to bring back from the dead. 
Spellcasters attempting to bring a creature back from the dead using raise dead or similar magic must 
make a caster level check (DC 25) or the spell fails and the material component is wasted. Casting 
remove curse the round before attempting to bring the creature back from the dead negates this chance. 
The DC of the remove curse is 20. 