

Grey 
“Don’t run…you’ll only die tired.” 
 
Grey grew up quick and he grew up mean. Abandoned at birth, he grew up within the fetid sewers of a bustling 
city not knowing that he was anything more than a monster. He would skulk below the surface during the day, 
emerging only at night to forage for supplies by breaking into homes and shops on the surface. Eventually Grey 
was discovered by the local thieves’ guilds who had been most interested in finding the young upstart who had 
been  infringing  upon  their  territory  for  some  years.  Grey  was  spared  by  the  guild  only  due  to  the  accidental 
discovery of his unique ability to change shape. The guild master, recognizing the usefulness of Grey’s unique 
abilities, took the young street urchin on as an apprentice, gave him a proper education, and taught him everything 
he knew about stealing identities and pulling off cons. Over the next two decades, Grey was slowly groomed into 
being a prodigious member of the guild as well as a master of assassination. Due to his legendary skill and natural 
abilities, Grey was never discovered by the local authorities and he never gained much notoriety outside of his 
own  guild.  Eventually,  Grey  grew  bored  of  his  criminal  life  style  and  left  the  guild  to  take  up  more  exciting 
adventures elsewhere in the world. For a time, he participated in a military campaign as a member of a small 
espionage  group.  During  his  time  he  quickly  rose  to  the  rank  of  Colonel  all  the  while  never  revealing  his 
monstrous heritage. When the campaign ended, he retired from his post and resumed traveling the world in search 
of adventure. He now wanders the various nations of the world as an opportunist. 
 
Grey 
Male doppelganger rogue 6/assassin 10 
N Medium monstrous humanoid (shapechanger) 
Init +14; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +25 
Languages Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Draconic, 
Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnome, Goblin, Gnoll, Halfling, Ignan, 
Infernal, Orc, Sylvan, Terran, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 36, touch 26, flat-footed 25 (+6 armor, +5 deflection, +10 Dex, +1 dodge, 
+4 natural); trap sense +2 
hp 149 (20 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +29, Will +16; +2 vs. enchantment, +5 vs. poison 
Defensive Abilities evasion, improved uncanny dodge, trap sense +2; 
Immune charm, sleep 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee +5 adamantine keen speed rapier +30/+30/+25/+20 (1d6+9/15-20) and claw +20 (1d8+2) or 
+5 adamantine returning dagger +31/+26/+21 (1d4+9/17-20) and claw +20 (1d8+2) or 
2 claws +25/+25 (1d8+4 each) 
Ranged +5 adamantine returning dagger +31/+26/+21 (1d4+9/17-20) 
Special Attacks angel of death 1/day, death attack (DC 27, 1d6+10 rounds), quiet death, sneak attack +9d6, 
swift death 1/day, true death (DC 25) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 18th; Concentration +22) 
At will – detect thoughts (DC 16) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 18 (+4), Dex 30 (+10), Con 12 (+1), Int 20 (+5), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 18 (+4) 
Base Atk +15; CMB +19 (+31 with dagger, +30 with rapier); CMD 45 
Feats Ability Focus (death attack), Accomplished Sneak Attacker, Bleeding Critical, Critical Focus, Dodge, 
Improved Critical (dagger), Improved Initiative, Mobility, Spring Attack, Vital Strike, Weapon Finesse, 
Weapon Focus (daggerB) 

Skills Acrobatics +28 (+37 when jumping), Bluff +31, Climb +27, Diplomacy +27, Disable Device +37, 
Disguise +31 (+41 with perfect copy), Escape Artist +16, Linguistics +28, Perception +25 (+28 to find 
traps), Ride +30, Sleight of Hand +23 (+33 to conceal weapons), Stealth +33, Swim +17; Racial 
Modifiers +4 Bluff, +4 Disguise 
SQ change shape (alter self), hidden weapons, hide in plain sight, mimicry, perfect copy, poison use, rogue 
talents (bleeding attack 9, fast stealth, weapon training), still mind, trapfinding +3 
Gear +5 adamantine keen speed rapier, +5 adamantine returning dagger, belt of incredible dexterity +6, boots 
of striding and springing, bracers of armor +6, cloak of resistance +5, figurine of wondrous power 
(ebony fly), handy haversack, headband of vast intellect +4 (climb, swim), manual of quickness in 
action +3 (already read), ring of invisibility, ring of protection +5, tender (1,778gp), vest of escape 
Encumbrance light 100 lb., medium 200 lb., heavy 300 lb.; Weight Carried 13 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Angel of Death (Su) Once per day, when you make a successful death attack, you can cause the target’s body 
to crumble to dust. This prevents raise dead and resurrection (although true resurrection works as 
normal). You must declare the use of this ability before the attack is made. If the attack misses or the 
target successfully saves against the death attack, this ability is wasted with no effect. 
Bleeding Attack You can cause living opponents to bleed by hitting them with a sneak attack. This attack 
causes the target to take 1 additional point of damage each round for each die of sneak attack you 
possess. Bleeding creatures take that amount of damage every round at the start of each of their turns. 
The bleeding can be stopped by a DC 15 Heal check or the application of any effect that heals hit point 
damage. Bleeding damage from this ability does not stack with itself. Bleeding damage bypasses any 
damage reduction the creature might possess. 
Change Shape (Su) You can assume the appearance of a specific creature or type of creature (usually a 
humanoid), but you retain most of your own physical qualities. You cannot change shape to a form more 
than one size category smaller or larger than your original form. This ability functions as alter self, but 
you do not adjust your ability scores (although you gain any other abilities of the creature you mimic). 
Death Attack (Ex) If you study your victim for 3 rounds and then make a sneak attack with a melee weapon 
that successfully deals damage, the sneak attack has the additional effect of possibly either paralyzing or 
killing the target (your choice). Studying the victim is a standard action. The death attack fails if the 
target detects you or recognizes you as an enemy (although the attack might still be a sneak attack if the 
target is denied his Dexterity bonus to his Armor Class or is flanked). If the victim of such a death attack 
fails a Fortitude save (DC 27) against the kill effect, they die. If the saving throw fails against the 
paralysis effect, the victim is rendered helpless and unable to act for 1d6+10 rounds. If the victim’s 
saving throw succeeds, the attack is just a normal sneak attack. Once you have completed the 3 rounds 
of study, you must make the death attack within the next 3 rounds. If a death attack is attempted and 
fails (the victim makes their save) or if you do not launch the attack within 3 rounds of completing the 
study, 3 new rounds of study are required before you can attempt another death attack. 
Evasion (Ex) If you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage 
on a successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light 
armor or no armor. If you are helpless, you do not gain the benefit of evasion. 
Fast Stealth (Ex) You may move at full speed while using the Stealth skill at no penalty. 
Hidden Weapons (Ex) You add your assassin levels to all Sleight of Hand checks made to conceal weapons on 
your person (included above). 
Hide in Plain Sight (Su) You can use the Stealth skill even while being observed. As long as you are within 10 
feet of some sort of shadow or an area of dim light, you can hide yourself from view in the open without 
having anything to actually hide behind. You cannot, however, hide in your own shadow. 
Improved Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You retain your Dexterity bonus to AC even if you are caught flat-footed or 
struck by an invisible attacker. However, you still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. In 
addition, you cannot be flanked, denying rogues and similar creatures the ability to sneak attack you 
unless happen to be a rogue (or similar character with access to sneak attack) of at least 20th-level. 

Mimicry (Ex) You are proficient in all weapons, armor, and shields. In addition, you can use any spell trigger 
or spell completion item as if the spells were on your spell list. Your caster level is equal to your racial 
Hit Dice. 
Perfect Copy (Su) When you use change shape, it can assume the appearance of specific individuals. 
Poison Use You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying poison 
to a blade. 
Quiet Death (Ex) Whenever you kill a creature using your death attack during a surprise round, you can also 
make a Stealth check, opposed by the Perception checks of those in the vicinity to prevent them from 
identifying you as the assailant. If successful, those nearby might not even notice that the target is dead 
for a few moments, allowing you to avoid detection. 
Save Bonus against Poison You gain a +5 saving throw bonus against poisons (included above). 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals 9d6 extra damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Should you score a 
critical hit with a sneak attack, this extra damage is not multiplied. Ranged attacks can count as sneak 
attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (like a sap, whip, 
or an unarmed strike), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack, 
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with 
concealment. 
Still Mind (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on saving throws against enchantment spells and effects (included above). 
Swift Death (Ex) Once per day, you can make a death attack against a foe without studying the foe beforehand. 
You must still sneak attack your foe using a melee weapon that deals damage. 
Trapfinding You add ½ your rogue level to Perception skill checks made to locate traps and to Disable Device 
skill checks. You can use Disable Device to disarm magic traps. 
True Death (Su) Anyone slain by your death attack becomes more difficult to bring back from the dead. 
Spellcasters attempting to bring a creature back from the dead using raise dead or similar magic must 
make a caster level check (DC 25) or the spell fails and the material component is wasted. Casting 
remove curse the round before attempting to bring the creature back from the dead negates this chance. 
The DC of the remove curse is 20. 
 