

Hagor 
“Better they rise up in smoke than in rebellion!” 
 
A dedicated taskmaster and mercenary commander, Hagor is a ruthless 
soldier who was born and raised among the militaristic hobgoblins, his 
forebears. Like his kin, he possesses a true love of warfare, and possesses a 
shrewd intellect steeped in cruely efficient battle strategy. 
 
It is well known that hobgoblins mistrust and even despise magic, 
particularly arcane magic. Their shamans are treated with a mix of fear and 
respect, and are usually forced to live alone on the fringes of the tribe’s lair. 
It is all but unheard of to find a hobgoblin practicing arcane magic, or as 
hobgoblins call it, “elf magic.” This is the root of their hatred of magic—
the hobgoblins’ hatred of elves. Had Hagor not developed strange powers 
over fire at a young age, he might have risen to great heights within the 
hobgoblin warmachine. Accused of being a willing practitioner of “Elf 
magic” Hagor was forced to live on the outskirts of hobgoblin society and was abused and tortured for many 
years by those who feared his growing power. Eventually, Hagor was forced to flee for his life after he 
accidentally detonated a pile of alchemical ordinance, killing his military commander’s son. Though he suffered 
mightily at the hands of his kin over the years and holds no love of goblinkind, as he sees it, the experience only 
served to toughen him up, ultimately molding him into a better hobgoblin warrior. 
 
Since his exile from his tribe, Hagor has taken to integrating himself into those cosmopolitan cities where he 
can find acceptance, almost always taking on violent jobs or assuming roles that allow him to sate his hunger 
for bloodshed. He might serve as an intimidating enforcer for an underground crime syndicate, as an inspiring 
combatant in the bloodstained sands of the arena pit, or as a hired mercenary in a military organization. 
Ocassionally, he even serves as a military strategist for a general or ruler who recognizes his innate ruthlessness 
and the harsh training he’s received since childhood and how it might present a unique advantage on the 
battlefield. In such instances, Hagor inveitably attempts to lead his liege ever toward war rather than away from 
it, even if he must lie or deceive in order to achieve the desired result. 
 
Ever the intelligent skirmisher, Hagor prefers ambush tactics, setting up smokescreens before closing in with his 
foes to cause as much pain and confusion as possible before clearing out. If they are a superior force, the targets 
of such ambushes might face several such assaults, as Hagor and his men wear down their forces, causing them 
to lose a commander here or a few guards there. It is only when his enemies prove capable of warding 
themselves against his fire magic that he relents for an extended period, biding his time as he finds other 
methods of hurting them via more conventional means (such as despoiling their food supplies, leading 
dangerous creatures to their camp, digging deadly spiked pit traps in their path, or causing other various 
“accidents” to befall them). 
 

Hagor 
Male hobgoblin pyrokineticist 8 
LN Medium humanoid (goblinoid) 
Init +5; Senses darkvision 60-ft.; Perception +13 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Goblin 
DEFENSE 
AC 23, touch 16, flat-footed 18 (+7 armor, +1 deflection, +5 Dex) 
hp 112 (8 HD); maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +12, Ref +12, Will +5 
Immune harmful vapors and gases, suffocation 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee fire blade +11/+6 touch (4d6+4 fire) or 
blue fire blade +11/+6 touch (8d6+4 fire) or 
light mace +11/+6 (1d6) 
Ranged fire blast +11 touch (4d6+4 fire) or 
blue fire blast +11 touch (8d6+4 fire) or 
light crossbow +11 (1d8/19-20) 
Special Attacks elemental overflow +2, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower, piercing) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 8
th; Concentration +13) 
Defense – searing flesh (2 damage) 
Infusions – burning infusion (1 burn, Ref DC 19 negates), fan of flames (1 burn, Ref DC 19 half), 
kinetic blade (1 burn), kinetic whip (2 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – blue flame blast (2 burn), fire blast 
Utility – basic pyrokinesis, fire’s fury, firesight, heat wave (1 burn), searing flame, smoke storm (Fort 
DC 19 negates) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 20 (+5), Con 20 (+5), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +6 (+11 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 22 
Feats Armor Proficiency (medium), Expanded Metakinesis (piercing), Extra Wild Talent, Weapon Finesse 
Skills Acrobatics +15, Escape Artist +15, Heal +8, Intimidate +11, Perception +13, Profession (soldier) +10, 
Stealth +19; Armor Check Penalty –1; Racial Bonus +4 Stealth 
SQ basic pyrokinesis, burn (2 points/round, maximum 8), expanded element (fire), gather power, 
infusion specialization 2, internal buffer 1 
Combat Gear crossbow bolts (10), potions of cure light wounds (3); Other Gear +1 mithral breastplate, belt 
of physical might +2 (Dexterity, Constitution), cloak of resistance +1, eye patch, fighter’s kit, light 
crossbow (only used when sneaking or when longer range is required), light mace (only used when 
sneaking), mask of breathing (magical bandanna, functions as a necklace of adaption when placed over 
the nose and mouth; uses head slot), ring of protection +1 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 57 lb. 3 oz. (28 lb. 3 oz. without 
backpack) 
 

Hagor (with elemental overflow) 
As above, except as follows… 
Init +6; Senses darkvision 60-ft.; Perception +13 
DEFENSE 
AC 23, touch 16, flat-footed 18 (+7 armor, +1 deflection, +5 Dex) 
hp 120 plus 3 burn (8 HD); maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +13, Ref +13, Will +5 
Defensive Abilities fortification (15%), searing flesh (8 damage) 
Immune harmful vapors and gases, suffocation 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee fire blade +14/+9 touch (4d6+5 fire) or 
blue fire blade +14/+9 touch (8d6+5 fire) or 
light mace +14/+9 (1d6) 
Ranged fire blast +14 touch (4d6+9 fire) or 
blue fire blast +14 touch (8d6+9 fire) or 
light crossbow +12 (1d8/19-20) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 8
th; Concentration +14) 
Defense – searing flesh (base 2 damage) 
Infusions – burning infusion (1 burn, Ref DC 20 negates), fan of flames (1 burn, Ref DC 20 half), 
kinetic blade (1 burn), kinetic whip (2 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – blue flame blast (2 burn), fire blast 
Utility – basic pyrokinesis, fire’s fury, firesight, heat wave (1 burn), searing flame, smoke storm (Fort 
DC 20 negates) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 22 (+6), Con 22 (+6), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +6 (+12 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 23 
Skills Acrobatics +16, Escape Artist +16, Heal +8, Intimidate +11, Perception +13, Profession (soldier) +10, 
Stealth +20; Armor Check Penalty –1; Racial Bonus +4 Stealth 
SQ basic pyrokinesis, burn (2 points/round, maximum 9), expanded element (fire), gather power, 
infusion specialization 2, internal buffer 1 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Burn (Ex) Some of your wild talents allow you to accept burn in exchange for a greater effect, while others 
require you to accept a certain amount of burn to use that talent at all. For each point of burn you accept, 
you take 1 point of nonlethal damage per character level. This damage can’t be healed by any means 
other than getting a full night’s rest, which removes all burn and associated nonlethal damage. Nonlethal 
damage from burn can’t be reduced or redirected, and if you are incapable of taking nonlethal damage 
then you can’t accept burn. You can accept only 2 points of burn per round. You can’t choose to accept 
burn if it would put your total number of points of burn higher than 3 + you Constitution modifier 
(though you can be forced to accept more burn from a source outside your control). Whilst you possess 
burn you can never benefit from abilities that allow you to ignore or alter the affects you receive from 
nonlethal damage. 
Elemental Defense (Su) You have the following defense wild talent. 
Searing Flesh: Your body becomes painfully hot. Whenever a creature hits you with a natural attack 
or an unarmed strike, that creature takes 1 point of fire damage per 4 kineticist levels you possess 
(minimum 1 point of fire damage). A creature in a grapple with you takes double this amount of damage 
at the end of each of its turns. Weapons that strike you also take this damage, though the damage is 
unlikely to penetrate the weapon’s hardness. By accepting 1 point of burn, you can increase this damage 
by 1 point per 4 kineticist levels you possess until the next time your burn is removed. You can increase 
the damage in this way up to seven times. Whenever you accept burn while using a fire wild talent, the 

surging flame causes your searing flesh to deal double its current amount of damage for 1 round (a 
creature in a grapple with you takes a total of four times as much damage as normal). You can dismiss 
or restore this effect as an immediate action. 
Elemental Overflow (Ex) Your body surges with energy from your element whenever you accept burn, 
causing you to glow with a nimbus of fire, weep water from your pores, or experience some other 
thematic effect. You receive a bonus on your attack rolls with kinetic blasts equal to the total number of 
points of burn you currently possess, to a maximum bonus of +1 for every 3 kineticist levels you 
possess. You also receive a bonus on damage rolls with your kinetic blast equal to double the bonus on 
attack rolls. You can suppress the visual effects of elemental overflow by concentrating for 1 full round, 
but doing so suppresses all of this ability’s other benefits, as well. The next time you use any wild talent, 
the visual effects and benefits return instantly. As your body becomes more and more suffused with your 
element, you begin to gain more powerful benefits. Whenever you possess at least 3 points of burn, you 
gain a +2 size bonus to two physical ability scores of your choice. You also gain a chance to ignore the 
effects of a critical hit or sneak attack equal to 5% × your current number of points of burn. 
Gather Power (Su) If you have both hands free you can gather energy or elemental matter as a move action. 
Gathering power creates an extremely loud, visible display in a 20-foot radius centered on you, as the 
energy or matter swirls around you. Gathering power in this way allows you to reduce the total burn cost 
of a blast wild talent you use in the same round by 1 point. You can instead gather power for 1 full 
round in order to reduce the total burn cost of a blast wild talent used on your next turn by 2 points (to a 
minimum of 0 points). If you do so, you can also gather power as a move action during your next turn to 
reduce the burn cost by a total of 3 points. If you take damage during or after gathering power and 
before using the kinetic blast that releases it, you must succeed at a concentration check (DC = 10 + 
damage taken + effective spell level of your kinetic blast) or lose the energy in a wild surge that forces 
you to accept a number of points of burn equal to the number of points by which your gathered power 
would have reduced the burn cost. This ability can never reduce the burn cost of a wild talent below 0 
points. 
Infusion Specialization (Ex) Whenever you use one or more infusions with a blast, you reduce the combined 
burn cost of the infusions by 2. This can’t reduce the total cost of the infusions used below 0. 
Infusions (Su) The following infusions alter your blasts. You can apply at most one form infusion and one 
substance infusion to your blasts. 
Burning Infusion (substance): Your kinetic blast ignites your foes. Whenever an infused blast hits a 
foe and penetrates its spell resistance, that foe catches on fire, regardless of whether it takes damage. A 
foe that catches fire takes 1d6 points of fire damage each round until the fire is extinguished. Against a 
creature on fire from this infusion, any fire kinetic blasts gain a +2 bonus on attack rolls, to DCs, and on 
caster level checks to overcome spell resistance. 
Fan of Flames (form): Your kinetic blast extends in a fan of flames, damaging all creatures and 
objects in a 15-foot cone. The saving throw DC is Dexterity-based. 
Kinetic Blade (form): You form a weapon using your kinetic abilities. You create a non-reach, light 
or one-handed weapon in your hand formed of pure energy or elemental matter. The kinetic blade’s 
shape is purely cosmetic and doesn’t affect the damage dice, critical threat range, or critical multiplier of 
the kinetic blade, nor does it grant the kinetic blade any weapon special features. 
You can use this form infusion once as part of an attack action, a charge action, or a full-attack 
action in order to make melee attacks with your kinetic blade. Since it’s part of another action (and isn’t 
an action itself), using this wild talent doesn’t provoke any additional attacks of opportunity. The kinetic 
blade deals your kinetic blast damage on each hit (applying any modifiers to your kinetic blast’s damage 
as normal, but not your Strength modifier). The blade disappears at the end of your turn. The weapon 
deals the same damage type that your kinetic blast deals, and it interacts with Armor Class and spell 
resistance as normal for a blast of its type. The kinetic blade doesn’t add the damage bonus from 
elemental overflow. 
Kinetic Whip (form): You form a long tendril of energy or elemental matter. This functions as 
kinetic blade but counts as a reach weapon appropriate for your size. Unlike most reach weapons, the 
kinetic whip can also attack nearby creatures. The kinetic whip disappears at the beginning of your next 

turn, but in the intervening time, it threatens all squares within its reach, allowing you to make attacks of 
opportunity that deal the whip’s usual damage. 
Internal Buffer (Su) You possess an internal buffer with which to store extra energy. The buffer starts empty 
and doesn’t replenish each day, but you can accept 1 point of burn to add 1 point to the buffer as a 
full-round action, to a maximum of 1 point total. Once you add points to your buffer, they remain 
indefinitely until you spend them. When you would otherwise accept burn, you can spend 1 point from 
your buffer to avoid accepting 1 point of burn. You cannot spend more than 1 point from your buffer in 
this way for a single wild talent. Points spent from the internal buffer don’t activate elemental overflow 
or add to its effects. Similarly, this buffer can be used to exceed the limit on the number of points of 
burn you can accept in a single turn. 
Kinetic Blast (Sp) As a standard action, you can unleash a kinetic blast at a single target up to a range of 30 
feet. You must have at least one hand free to aim the blast. All damage from a kinetic blast is treated as 
magic for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. Kinetic blasts count as a type of weapon for the 
purpose of feats such as Weapon Focus. You are never considered to be wielding or gripping the kinetic 
blast (regardless of effects from form infusions), and you can’t use Vital Strike feats with kinetic blasts. 
Even the weakest kinetic blast involves a sizable mass of elemental matter or energy, so kinetic blasts 
always deal full damage to swarms of any size (though only area blasts deal extra damage to swarms). A 
readied kinetic blast can be used to counterspell any spell of equal or lower level that shares its 
descriptor. A kinetic blast that deals energy damage of any type (including force) has the corresponding 
descriptor. 
Metakinesis (Su) You gain the ability to alter your kinetic blasts as if with metamagic feats by accepting burn. 
By accepting 1 point of burn, you can empower your kinetic blast (as if using Empower Spell). 
Utility You have the following utility wild talents. 
Basic Pyrokinesis (Sp): You can use your inner flame to reproduce the effects of a flare, light, or 
spark
APG cantrip, except that the light you create with light produces heat like a normal flame; using any 
of the three abilities ends any previous light effect from this wild talent. 
Fire’s Fury (Su): When using fire blasts or composite blasts that include fire, add your elemental 
overflow bonus to the damage dealt. If the kinetic blast normally adds double your elemental overflow 
bonus to damage, these effects stack. 
Firesight (Su): You can see through flames and smoke as if they were transparent. Creatures that are 
on fire or have the fire subtype never benefit from concealment or total concealment against you. 
Heat Wave (Sp): You create an aura of shimmering heat that distorts the area around you. Until the 
next time your burn is removed, you can begin or end the heat aura as a swift action. The temperature in 
the area 30 feet around you rises by 5° F per kineticist level you possess, to a maximum modified 
temperature of 120° F. If this brings the temperature to at least 90° F, all attacks made by creatures 
within 5 feet of you suffer a 20% miss chance due to concealment. You are immune to these effects, as 
are those immune to fire or benefiting from endure elements. 
Searing Flame (Su): Over time, your burning infusion sears away your foe’s fire resistance. When 
you roll burn damage from burning infusion against a foe, decrease the foe’s fire resistance by an 
amount equal to the unmodified burn damage; don’t apply fire resistance to this roll for the purpose of 
determining the reduction. This decrease lasts for a number of rounds equal to ½ your kineticist level. 
These decreases stack, to a minimum resistance of 0. 
Smoke Storm (Sp): You transform a source of open flame within 120 feet into a cloud of choking 
smoke, filling a 20-foot-radius spread and affecting vision like a smokestick. All creatures that begin 
their turns inside the area become sickened as long as they remain in the smoke and for 1d4+1 rounds 
thereafter (Fortitude negates). 