

Hama the Wandering Witch 
“I am the Body Snatcher. The Mind Bender. The Master of Curses. Know my power!” 
 
Formerly a simple herbalist who lived a comfortable life as a respected (and much sought 
after) member of her village, everything changed for Hama when she started showing the 
first  symptoms of  motor  neuron  disease.  The  tragic  disease slowly stripped her  of her 
independence, ultimately leaving her permanently paralyzed and mute. Local clerics were 
unable to stave off the advancement of the disease, much less cure it, as it proved to be 
genetic in nature (it is literally part of Hama’s natural state). She suffered for months as a 
scant handful of people gave her token assistance, allowing her to do little more than 
survive—worse  yet, many  of the villagers she once loved showed their true character 
during this time, and were abusive and cruel to her. Through a driving need  for self-
sufficiency  and  desperate for  a means of escape,  she was able  to  unlock her latent 
sorcerer’s  powers  through sheer force of will.  To those around her, it seemed a 
miraculous recovery.  In truth, however,  her newfound  powers  allowed her  to 
continue functioning in everyday life by possessing the stolen bodies of others with 
her animated shadow (almost exclusively targeting those who had tormented her). 
She kept her powers a secret, using magic to conceal her helpless true form and to 
make her host victims look like herself. In time, she grew drunk on her power and 
began to take on young lovers via her magical enchantments, some of whom were 
already spoken for. When her fellow villagers found out  about her  magical 
influences, they branded her as an evil, manipulative witch and exiled her on pain of death—never realizing the 
true extent of her powers. 
 
Over the course of the following year, many of the villagers began to disappear. Hama had begun her revenge. 
The village leaders deduced that Hama was behind the disappearances and they sent a small band of young hunters 
to her forest hovel to kill her. She ambushed the young hunters and used her abilities to bend them to her will. 
They returned to their village a week later and promptly began to slaughter their friends and families. By the time 
the hunters were killed, Hama had made good her escape from the region. The surviving villagers never truly 
recovered from Hama’s wrath. To this day, few still living know of Hama’s disease, her continued paralysis, or 
of her ability to possess the bodies of others. 
 
Now alone in the world with a crippling physical condition and nothing but her sorcery with which to aid her, 
Hama now frequently surrounds herself with powerful pawns for protection. She has since begun traveling the 
world in her ox-drawn wagon, posing as a harmless old crone and tradeswoman in search of profit. It is her hope 
that she will one day remove her condition, find the power to stay young and beautiful forever, and obtain more 
power in its own right.  On occasion, she still sends her former village a reminder of her seething rage. Her 
vengeance has since become a terrifying bedtime story told to young children to keep them wary of strangers. 
   

Hama 
Female human sorcerer 12 
NE Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses familiar’s alertness; Perception +2 
Languages Common, Infernal, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 14, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +4 Dexterity); mage armor 
hp 104 plus false life (12 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +12, Will +14 
Weaknesses paralyzed 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland flight 
Melee +2 longspear +9/+4 (1d8+3 plus poison/×3) via shadow weapon 
Ranged mwk sling +11/+6 (1d4+1 plus poison) 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 12
th; Concentration +24) 
6th  (4/day) – major curseVS UM 
5
th  (7/day) – baleful polymorph
VS, dominate personVS B, feeblemindVS, magic jarVSF, overland flightVS B 
4th  (8/day) – bestow curse
VS, dimension doorV B, greater invisibility
VS, remove curse
VS, shadow 
projection
S APG, summon monster IV
VSF 
3rd  (8/day) – anthropomorphic animalVS UM, dispel magic
VS B, gaseous form
S, greater magic auraVSF UI, 
haste
VS, lightning bolt
VS B, suggestionV, tonguesV 
2nd (8/day) – alter selfVS, blindness/deafnessV, detect thoughtsVSF, false life
VS, misdirection
VS, miserable 
pity
VS UM, invisibility
VS B, see invisibility
VS B, shatterVS 
1st  (9/day) – charm person
VS, feather fallV, identify
VS B, mage armorVSF B, magic auraVSF, magic 
missile
VS B, shield
VS B, shadow weaponVS UM, silent image
VSF, sow thoughtVS ARG, true strike
VF B, 
unseen servantVS, ventriloquism
VF 
0  (at will) – bleedVS, dancing lights
VS, daze
VS, detect magic
VS, detect poisonVS, ghost soundVS, mage 
handVS, mendingVS, message
VSF, open/closeVSF, prestidigitation
VS, read magic
VSF 
Bloodline arcane; Key V verbal component, 
S somatic component, F focus component, B bonus bloodline spell 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 13 (+1), Dex 18 (+4), Con 18 (+4), Int 14 (+2), Wis 15 (+2), Cha 28 (+12) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +7; CMD 21 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Cunning Caster, Deceitful, Eschew Materials
B, Improved Familiar, Penetrating 
Possession, Silent Spell
B, Spirit Vision, Still Spell
B 
Skills Bluff +31, Craft (alchemy) +10, Diplomacy +27, Disguise +14 (+24 with alter self), Handle Animal +12, 
Intimidate +12, Knowledge (arcana) +6, Knowledge (nature) +6, Perform (any) +12, Profession 
(herbalist) +6, Spellcraft +17, Use Magic Device +19; Circumstantial Bonuses +4 on Charisma-based 
checks to appear friendly, harmless, helpless, or otherwise in need of assistance or deserving of proper 
respect for someone of her apparent age (+8 bonus against children) 
SQ arcane bond (consular imp familiar), bloodline arcana (+1 DC for metamagic spells that increase 
spell level), new arcana (4
th), metamagic adept (3/day), silver tongued 
Combat Gear feather tokens (tree 6), poisons (dragon bile 9, oil of taggit 30), sling bullets (10); Other Gear 
belt of physical perfection +6, cloak of immolation (cursed item, appears to be a cloak of resistance +1), 
circlet of persuasion*, greater hat of disguise, Hama’s locket of guarded souls (functions as an iron 
circlet of guarded souls, but uses the neck slot; contains Hama’s true body; see below), headband of 
alluring charisma +6*, helm of opposite alignment (cursed item, appears to be a hat of disguise), 
masterwork longspear (sharpened), masterwork sling, mastodon (trained for heavy labor), Osirian spirit 
jars, oxen (4), pages of spell knowledge* (dominate person, lightning bolt, mage armor, magic missile, 
see invisibility, shield, true strike), quick runner’s shirt, robe of infinite twine (with concealing pocket), 
safecamp wagon, shawl of the crone (doubles as a cloak of resistance +4), sleeves of many garments, 

tender (99sp), traveler’s any-tool, whetstone; Downtime Assets capital (goods 100), Hama’s 
Apothecary (see below) 
Encumbrance light 50 lb., medium 100 lb., heavy 150 lb.; Weight Carried 28 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you apply a metamagic feat to a spell that increases the slot used by at least one 
level, increase the spell’s DC by +1. This bonus does not stack with itself and does not apply to spells 
modified by the Heighten Spell feat. 
Metamagic Adept (Ex) Three times per day you can apply any one metamagic feat you know to a spell you are 
about to cast without increasing the casting time. You must still expend a higher-level spell slot to cast 
this spell. 
Ongoing Spells You have used the magic aura and greater magic aura spells and your concealing pocket to 
prevent all your magical gear and ongoing spells from radiating magic. Additionally, misdirection and 
an insurmountable nondetection effect further befuddles any attempts to divine truths about you, your 
familiar, or your gear. You frequently use magic jar to possess your pet mastodon and your greater hat 
of disguise to resume humanoid form while doing so. Your paralyzed body (as well as any equipment 
marked above with an asterisk) has been subjected to a minimus containment binding spell (CL 15
th) 
temporarily halting the advancement of your degenerative disease. Your body has been bound to your 
arcane locked locket (superior lock, DC 50 to open, CL 3
rd), for safekeeping. Should it ever be opened 
or destroyed, your true body is freed (Spooky possesses the only known key). 
Paralyzed Due to an incurable genetic disease, you have been left completely paralyzed. You cannot move, 
speak, or take any physical action. You are rooted to the spot, frozen and helpless. You may still take 
purely mental actions, such as casting a spell with no components, and friends can still move your limbs 
or carry you about. The above stats do not reflect this condition. This disease is not transmittable to 
others. 
Poisons You carry a variety of poisons, which you often apply to your gloved hand or a victim’s drink: 
Dragon bile—contact; save Fort DC 26, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d3 Str, cure none. 
Oil of taggit—ingested; save Fort DC 15, onset 1 minute, effect unconsciousness for 1d3 hours, cure 1 
save. 
Silver Tongued When you use Diplomacy to shift a creature’s attitude, it can shift up to three steps up rather 
than just two. 
Trade Goods Though you appear poor, you are quite self-sufficient, keeping your wagon always well-stocked. 
You can secure any nonmagical item worth 25gp or less from your belongings in your wagon in 1d10 
minutes. You need only track purchases of meals or taxes in excess of 100gp. You must pay 1,000gp 
each month towards keeping your wagon stocked as your cost of living for each month (the first month 
of which has already been paid). Additionally, you possess 1,000gp of various trade goods within your 
wagon which can be used for trade (represented above as earned capital). 
 
Hama (human/mastodon form; as above, except as follows...) 
Female mastodon sorcerer 12 
NE Medium animal 
Init +6; Senses familiar’s alertness; Perception +2 
Languages Common, Infernal, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 16, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +6 Dex); mage 
armor 
hp 145 plus false life (12 HD) 
Fort +14, Ref +14, Will +14 
OFFENSE 
Melee +2 longspear +20/+15 (1d8+20 plus poison/×3) via 
shadow weapon 
Ranged mwk sling +13/+8 (1d4+12 plus poison) 

STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 34 (+12), Dex 22 (+6), Con 23 (+6), Int 14 (+2), Wis 15 (+2), Cha 28 (+12) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +18; CMD 34 
Encumbrance light 932 lb., medium 1,864 lb., heavy 2,800 lb.; Weight Carried 28 lb. (excluding tender) 
 
Spooky the Cat 
“You could not hope to pronounce my true name.” 
 
Hama’s former cat familiar, Pooky, was sacrificed in a dark ritual  to summon a 
powerful consular imp who holds the secret knowledge of lichdom. The consular 
imp took the form of Pooky, though his near palpable aura of evil remains obvious 
to some  unless concealed by magic. The new “Pooky” was so intimidating and 
unnerving to most, that he quickly earned the nickname Spooky (which even Hama 
calls him on occasion). 
 
Spooky is  a vile creature that  goes out of its way  to make the lives of  others 
(except Hama) miserable. He has been known to  mark strangers or their 
supplies, contaminate or steal food, take heavy  objects to high heights and 
drop them atop passerby, attack small pets and children, stare at easily spooked 
people menacingly,  and generally occupy his free time by being as 
mischievous as possible. Hama is fiercely protective of her familiar and 
always takes Spooky’s side when approached about her cat’s troublesome behavior. Spooky never misbehaves in 
front of Hama unless specifically ordered to do so by Hama herself. 
 
Due to the nature of his arrangement with Hama, he never deliberately brings her to any harm. Instead, he works 
towards guiding her down a path of corruption and evil by tempting her with the promise of immortality (which 
Hama falsely believes will allow her to regain her mobility and preserve the natural youth and beauty she once 
had—a misconception Spooky continues to exploit to his own ends). He hopes that by aiding her along her path 
to power,  she will  prove to be a wondrous instrument of corruption, destruction, and  misery in the realm of 
mortals. To that end, Spooky also carries several healing potions with him at all times, should Hama have need 
of them. Should Hama prove a promising instrument of evil, he has every intention of giving her the secrets of 
lichdom so that she may remain a pawn of evil for a great many centuries to come. The pain, anguish, and rage 
that will surely arise out of witnessing her hideous new undead form after the unholy transformation ritual is 
completed will not only make her easier to control, but it is also something that Spooky hopes to relish for many 
centuries to come. 
 
   

Spooky 
Male consular imp familiar 
LE Tiny outsider (devil, evil, extraplanar, lawful) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft., detect good, detect magic, see in darkness; 
Perception +7 
Languages Common, Infernal, Sylvan; empathic link, telepathy 50 ft. 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 16, flat-footed 18 (+3 Dex, +1 dodge, +6 natural, +2 size) 
hp 52 (12 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +7, Will +9 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion; Immune fire, poison; Resist acid 10, cold 10; 
SR 17 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), fly 50 ft. (perfect) 
Melee sting +10 (1d4 plus poison) or 
by spell +10 touch (as the spell) 
Space 2½ ft.; Reach 0 ft. 
Special Attacks deliver touch spells 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 6
th except where noted) 
Constant – detect good, detect magic 
At will – invisibility (self only) 
1/day – augury, suggestion (Will DC 15 negates) 
1/week – commune (6 questions, CL 12th) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 17 (+3), Con 10 (+0), Int 13 (+1), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +4; CMD 18 
Feats Dodge, Weapon Finesse 
Skills Acrobatics +9, Bluff +17, Diplomacy +17, Craft (alchemy) +9, Fly +21, Knowledge (arcana) +7, 
Knowledge (nature) +2, Knowledge (planes) +7, Perception +7, Profession (herbalist) +2, Sense Motive 
+4, Spellcraft +16, Stealth +14, Use Magic Device +6 
SQ alertness, change shape (boar, giant spider, or any small or tiny animal; beast shape II), empathic link, 
familiar traits, share spells, speak with master 
Combat Gear potions of cure light wounds (8); Other Gear locket key, pouch 
Encumbrance light 24 lb. 12 oz., medium 49 lb. 8 oz., heavy 75 lb.; Weight Carried 8 oz. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alertness (Ex) While your familiar is within arm’s reach, you gain the Alertness feat. 
Change Shape (Su) This ability functions as a polymorph spell, the type of which is listed above, but Spooky 
does not adjust his ability scores (although he does gain any other abilities of the creature he mimics). 
Deliver Touch Spells (Su) If you and your familiar are in contact at the time you cast a touch spell, you can 
designate your familiar as the toucher. Your familiar can then deliver the touch spell personally. As 
usual, if you cast another spell before the touch is delivered, the touch spell dissipates. 
Empathic Link (Su) Your familiar has an empathic link with you out to one mile. You cannot see through your 
familiar’s eyes, but the two of you can communicate empathically. Only general emotional content can 
be communicated. You have the same connection to an item or place that your familiar does. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, your familiar takes no damage if it makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if 
the saving throw fails. 
Poison (Ex) Sting—injury; save Fort DC 13; frequency 1/round for 6 rounds; effect 1d2 Dex; cure 1 save. The 
save DC is Constitution-based, and includes a +2 racial bonus. 

Share Spells You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your familiar (as a touch spell) instead of on 
yourself. You may cast spells on your familiar even if the spells do not normally affect creatures of the 
familiar’s type (magical beast). 
Speak With Master (Ex) You and your familiar may communicate verbally, using a private language no one 
else understands. 
Telepathy (Su) Spooky can mentally communicate with any other creature within 50 feet that has a language. It 
is possible to address multiple creatures at once telepathically, although maintaining a telepathic 
conversation with more than one creature at a time is just as difficult as simultaneously speaking and 
listening to multiple people at the same time. 
 
Hama’s Apothecary 
 
Hama’s Apothecary is a large three-story building among several 
other shops and businesses. Behind the humble storefront lies the 
faded grandeur of a decaying manor built a century ago. The first 
and second floors’ exterior walls are clay brick 1½ feet thick, and 
the third floor walls are timber 6 inches thick (all requiring a DC 
25 Climb check to scale). Stone tiles 1 inch thick cover the roof, 
and unless noted otherwise, the windows are shuttered and nailed 
shut (hardness 5, hp 15, Break DC 18). The building has one 
large chimney, which narrows at the top to an opening 1 foot 
square, as well as a large greenhouse, both of which are protected by reinforced iron grilles (hardness 10, hp 30, 
Break DC 25). 
 
Benefits of Hama’s Apothecary: 
•  Counts as an alchemist’s lab. 
•  Residents, guests, employees, and others who frequent the building gain a +2 bonus on Fortitude saves 
to resist contracting a disease while in the same settlement. 
•  By spending an hour conversing with guests in a social manner, the host of the sitting room gains a +1 
bonus on Bluff, Diplomacy, Intimidate, Knowledge (local), and Perform checks to influence or learn 
about those guests for the next 24 hours. 
•  Automatically generates 39gp & 2sp (or 16gp & 8sp with manager), 35 goods, 14 influence, or 21 magic 
each week, on its own, after expenses. 
  HAMA’S APOTHECARY 
Rooms/Teams  Gold  Goods  Influence  Labor  Magic 
Alchemy Lab (furnished)  +15  +15  -  -  +15 
Bedroom  +3  -  +3  -  - 
Greenhouse  +12  +12  +12  -  - 
Kitchen  +4  +4  -  -  - 
Lavatory  -  -  -  -  - 
Office  -  -  -  -  - 
Sitting Room  -  -  +4  -  - 
Storage  +2  -  -  -  - 
Storefront (furnished)  +10  +10  -  -  +10 
Totals  +46  +41  +19  +0  +25 
Manager: 1 master smith (3rd-level alchemist), +8 skill modifier (always takes 10), 4gp/day 
Manager is rarely used, but kept on call for when Hama is away traveling. 
 