

Eibon the Ruthless (aka The Heart Collector) 
“Oh this? Do you not recognize your own heart when you see it?” 
 
Eibon has gone to great lengths to hide his past, long ago murdering 
anyone  known  to  have  any  worthwhile  information  or  long-term 
connections with him. What precious little else that is known about 
him, is that he is a dark wizard of great power—and possibly one of 
the greatest necromancers currently living—who is actively seeking 
out a way to become a living god, at any cost. 
 
A  sadist  and  sociopath,  the  emotionless  Eibon  has  earned  the 
moniker  “Eibon  the  Ruthless”  due  to  his  preference  for  horrific 
attack spells that maim and mutilate the bodies of his enemies. His 
favorite  attack,  death  clutch,  and  his  penchant  for  carrying  the 
extracted  hearts  of  his  victims,  have  also  earned  him  another 
nickname:  The  Heart  Collector.  It  is  widely  rumored  that  he  also 
carries the hearts of his former family members on his person, and 
that these hearts are the only remaining connection to an otherwise 
mysterious past. None have ever discovered the truth of the rumor 
and lived to tell the tale. 
 
Despite being insane, Eibon remains singularly focused at gaining more knowledge and power. He hopes that this 
path will ultimately allow him to achieve immortality through deification. He frequently travels the multiverse 
chasing after rumors of mortal-to-deity ascensions, delves into long lost tombs of ancient god-kings, and combs 
the vast libraries of the most learned civilizations (be they public, private, hidden, or lost). To fund his various 
expeditions and schemes, Eibon offers his services as a resurrector of the dead to anyone daring and rich enough 
to hire him, no questions asked. Currently, he holds several prepaid contracts for such services yet to be rendered. 
Many  of  Eibon’s  clientele  are  powerful  individuals,  willing  to  go  through  great  lengths  to  protect  their 
investment—one of the many reasons why Eibon even bothers offering such services. 
 
Eibon does not worship the gods in any traditional sense (his personal egomania would never allow for it). Rather, 
he readily acknowledges their power and success, and looks to them for aid in the same manner he would any 
other useful tool. He sees himself less as a worshiper and more as a potential rival. Eibon has even gone through 
great lengths to study the magical arts of numerous faiths and philosophies, effectively poaching several divine 
secrets  for his own personal use. His successes in stealing the power of the gods’ divine servants in this way 
further fuels his overweening ambition to one day become a god himself. 
 
Though Eibon has no qualms about utilizing undead servitors to aid him during this endeavor, he loathes the idea 
of reaching immortality through undeath, seeing it as a lowly cheat and temporary solution too often resorted to 
by the unworthy. Because of his monomaniacal drive to achieve eternal greatness, he generally gets along well 
with those who actively work towards helping him obtain his goals (even going so far as to offer favors or rewards 
in return). Even so, given enough time, Eibon ultimately betrays and murders anyone associated with him as he 
believes that maintaining long-term associations will only result in the theft of his many secrets and lead to the 
intolerable possibility of others becoming immortal god beings in his stead. Conversely, Eibon almost completely 
ignores those who are inconsequential to his schemes, and brutally massacres any who actively oppose him or his 
mad quest for power. 
   

Eibon the Ruthless 
Male human, necromancer 5/adventuring savant 10 
CE Medium humanoid 
Init +5; Senses Perception +23 
Languages Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Common, Ignan, Infernal, Sylvan, 
Terran, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 29, touch 20, flat-footed 24 (+4 armor, +5 deflection, +5 Dex, +5 natural); 
mage armor 
hp 144 plus false life (15 HD) 
Fort +14, Ref +14, Will +15; +10 bonus vs. writing-based traps 
Defensive Abilities sigil master, symbol master; DR 10/magic vs. ranged 
attacks 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland flight 
Melee grave touch +7 touch (shaken for 2 rounds or frightened for 1 round) or 
touch spell +6 touch (as spell) 
Ranged 15 nodes of blasting +16 (6d6) via telekinesis, or 
touch spell +12 touch (as spell) 
Special Attacks grave touch (12/day), power over undead (12/day, DC 13) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 15th; Concentration +24) 
At-will – analyze dweomer (up to 10 rounds/day in 1-round increments) 
12/day – grave touch (shaken for 2 rounds or frightened for 1 round) 
5/day – identify (swift action to use) 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 15th or CL 19th vs. SR; Concentration +24) 
8th  (3/day) – death clutchHA, horrid wilting, rend body III
PA 
7th  (4/day) – finger of death, greater teleport, harm, heal 
6th  (5/day) – chain lightning, circle of death
M, explode headOA, eyebite, wither limbHA 
5th  (7/day) – blood boilMM, cloudkill, cone of cold, freedom of movement, overland flight, sloughHA, wall 
of force 
4th  (7/day) – bestow curse, black tentacles, boneshatterP#84, enervation (2), fire shield, speak with dead 
3rd  (7/day) – excruciating deformationUM, fireball, haste, phantom steed, protection from energy, ray of 
exhaustion, vampiric touch 
2nd (7/day) – blindness/deafness, bloodbathHA, boiling bloodUM, boneshakerHA, deathwatch, false life, 
protection from arrows 
1st  (8/day) – chill touch, endure elements, feather fall, mage armor, magic missile (2), shield (2) 
0  (at will) – bleed, light, open/close, mage hand 
Arcane School necromancy; Opposition Schools enchantment, illusion 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 20 (+5), Con 20 (+5), Int 28 (+9), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 12 (+1) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +6; CMD 26 
Feats Craft Wondrous ItemB, Command UndeadB, Dispel Focus, Favored Prestige Class (adventuring savant, 
perception), Greater Dispel Focus, Greater Spell Focus (necromancy), Greater Spell Penetration, 
Magical Aptitude
B, Prestigious Spellcaster, Scribe ScrollB, Spell Focus (necromancy), Spell Penetration 
Skills Appraise +27, Knowledge (arcana) +32, Knowledge (dungeoneering, geography, history, local, nature, 
planes, religion) +27, Perception +23, Spellcraft +36, Survival +19, Use Magic Device +36 
SQ adept activation, arcane bond (ring of telekinesis), dispelling master, esoteric magic, glyph finding, 
item master (ring of telekinesis), master scholar +5, ongoing spells, quick identification, scroll master, 
silence master, spellcasting master (3/day, 9 rounds) 
Combat Gear arcane spell scrolls (alarm, alter self, comprehend languages, darkness, darkvision, disguise self, 
enlarge person, false life, hold portal, grease, heroism, invisibility sphere, knock, locate object, magic 

missile 2, make whole, see invisibility, shield 2, silent image, true strike), fake spell scrolls (4, explosive 
runes traps), focus components (clone, contingency, magic jar), material components (animate dead [60 
HD], circle of death 2), personal clone (hidden away in a secret lab), pouch of psychically charged 
pebbles (see trap below), salt alchemical power component (9 uses); Other Gear amulet of natural 
armor +5, belt of physical might +6 (dexterity, constitution), blessed books (2, 657 pages remaining; 
trapped, see below), cloak of resistance +5, collection of preserved humanoid hearts (concealed, DC 31 
to find), headband of vast intelligence +6 (knowledge: geography, history, local), original spellbook 
(kept with clone, hidden via sequester and shrink item), ring of protection +5, spell component pouches 
(3; one plus two spares; one spare hidden on person and the other with the clone, DC 31 to find), tender 
(15sp) 
Spellbook all core wizard spells of 7th-level and lower plus blood boilMM, bloodbathHA, boiling bloodUM, 
boneshakerHA, boneshatterP#84, clone
FM, death clutch
HA, deathwatch, excruciating deformationUM, 
explode headOA, freedom of movement, harm, heal, horrid wilting, lipstitch
PSFG, node of blastingOA, 
raise deadM, rend body III
PA, restorationM, slough
HA, speak with dead, and wither limbHA 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 7 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Adept Activation (Ex) You can always take 10 on Use Magic Device checks, except when activating an item 
blindly. You do not automatically fail a Use Magic Device check if you roll a natural 1 on the check. 
Analyze Dweomer (Sp) You can use analyze dweomer for up to 1 round per Adventuring Savant level per day. 
You can use this ability in 1-round increments. 
Bonded Object (Sp) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded object worn or in hand, you must make 
a concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A 
bonded object can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are 
capable of casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, 
including casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be 
modified by metamagic feats or other abilities. The bonded object cannot be used to cast spells from 
your opposition schools. The magic properties of your bonded object, including any magic abilities 
added to the object, only function for you. 
Dispelling Master (Su) You can spontaneously convert any 3rd-level (or higher level) prepared spell into dispel 
magic or any 6th-level (or higher level) prepared spell into greater dispel magic, as a good-aligned cleric 
converts prepared spells into cure spells. Every time you successfully use either of these spells to make a 
targeted dispel or counterspell, you heal a number of hit points equal to the caster level of the effect 
dispelled or counterspelled. 
Esoteric Magic (Ex) You possess nine spells from any non-wizard spell list and treat those spells as if they 
were on your wizard spell list; if you could not normally cast that spell, it is treated as 1 level higher 
than it is on the original class’s spell list. If you could already cast the spell as a wizard, the spell’s level 
does not increase. The spell is cast as an arcane spell, and save DCs function as normal for wizard spells. 
All other restrictions for wizard spells apply. This ability does not grant other spellcasters special 
allowance to prepare, cast, or use spell-trigger or spell-completion items of esoteric spells (such as a 
sorcerer using a cure light wounds scroll prepared by you). 
These spells, and their effective spell levels, are as follows: deathwatch (2nd), freedom of movement 
(5th), harm (7th), heal (7th), node of blasting (3rd), raise dead (6th), restoration (5th), rend body III (8
th), 
and speak with dead (4
th). 
Glyph-Finding (Ex) You can use Spellcraft to find writing-based magical traps (including glyphs, runes, sigils, 
and symbols) in the same way a rogue can use Perception to search for traps. 
Grave Touch (Sp) As a standard action, you can make a melee touch attack that causes a living creature to 
become shaken for a number of rounds equal to ½ your wizard level (minimum 1). If you touch a shaken 
creature with this ability, it becomes frightened for 1 round if it has fewer Hit Dice than your wizard 
level. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. 
Item Master (Su) You can spend an hour focusing your energies on a single noncharged magic item that 
requires an action to activate. At the end of this hour, that item becomes attuned to you, and from that 

point on, that specific item can use your caster level to resolve its effects rather than the item’s caster 
level. You can change which item is attuned to you by repeating the attunement ritual, but you lose 
attunement to the previous item. You can have only one item attuned to you at a time. 
Master Scholar (Ex) You add half your Adventuring Savant level (minimum 1) as a bonus on Knowledge 
(arcana), Spellcraft, and Use Magic Device checks (included above). You can always take 10 on 
Knowledge (arcana) and Spellcraft checks, even if distracted or endangered. 
Ongoing Spells You have cast the contingency spell upon yourself. Should you ever be made helpless against 
your will (such as when knocked unconscious, paralyzed, petrified, securely bound, or forcefully put to 
sleep), you are immediately subjected to magic jar, allowing you to possess nearby entities and continue 
the fight. Additionally, the following spells are also regularly active upon your person: endure elements, 
false life, mage armor, overland flight, and protection from arrows. You also keep a phantom steed and 
a personal clone at the ready. Furthermore, you use sequester and shrink item to keep your old 
spellbook, spare spell component pouches, humanoid heart collection, and clone hidden away from your 
enemies. Except where noted, all ongoing spell effects function at 15th-caster level (and thus require a 
DC 26 caster level check to dispel) and their effects are included in the above stats where appropriate. 
Power Over Undead (Su) You receive Command Undead as a bonus feat. You can channel energy a number 
of times per day equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier, but only to use the selected feat. You can take 
other feats to add to this ability, such as Extra Channel and Improved Channel, but not feats that alter 
this ability, such as Elemental Channel and Alignment Channel. The DC to save against these feats is 
equal to 10 + ½ your wizard level + your Charisma modifier. 
Quick Identification (Sp) You can use identify as a swift action (caster level equal to your character level). 
You can do this once per day per 2 Adventuring Savant levels. 
Scroll Master (Su) You can use your own caster level instead of the item’s caster level when using a scroll or 
other spell-completion item. 
Sigil Master (Su) You receive a bonus equal to your Adventuring Savant level on saving throws against 
writing-based magical traps, and if you succeed at the save, you do not trigger the trap. Such a trap is not 
disabled, and if you leave the trap’s area and then reenter it, the trap can trigger again. You also receive 
this bonus on saving throws against the effects of such traps triggered by others. 
Silence Master (Su) You can activate spell-trigger, spell-completion, and command-word items silently, 
substituting a magical gesture for the necessary words. You cannot use this ability in circumstances 
where you could not cast a spell with somatic components. You must know how to activate the item 
normally for this ability to work. Additionally, three times per day, you can cast a spell of 6th-level or 
lower as if you were using a silent metamagic rod. 
Spellcasting Master (Ex) You can focus your mind three times per day as a swift action. Once you’ve focused 
in this way, any spells you cast for the remainder of that round do not provoke attacks of opportunity. 
Spells with a duration of concentration that you cast in this round persist for a number of rounds after 
the Pathfinder savant ceases concentrating equal to your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier 
(whichever is highest). 
Symbol Master (Su) When you cast any symbol spell, the save DC to resist its effects, the Perception DC to 
notice the symbol, and the Disable Device DC to remove the symbol increase by 2. Once per day as an 
immediate action, you can double the bonus granted by your sigil master ability when you attempt a 
saving throw against a symbol. You can activate this ability after you roll the saving throw, but must do 
so before the results are revealed. You do not automatically fail a saving throw against a symbol effect 
on a natural 1. 
   

 
BLESSED BOOK FEAR TRAP 
Of your two blessed books, the one with no more blank pages remaining, contains a symbol of fear. 
Type magic; Perception DC 33; Disable Device DC 33 
EFFECTS 
Trigger touch (upon opening the blessed book); Reset none 
Effect spell effect (symbol of fear; panicked for 15 rounds, Will DC 29 negates); multiple targets (all targets 
within 60 feet of the opened book) 
 
FALSE SPELL SCROLL TRAP 
Mixed in with your normal spell scrolls, you keep a quartet of booby trapped fake spell scrolls. 
Type magic; Perception DC 28; Disable Device DC 28 
EFFECTS 
Trigger proximity (upon attempting to read the scroll); Reset none 
Effect spell effect (explosive runes; 6d6 force damage, no save if adjacent/Ref DC 22 half if within 10 feet); 
multiple targets (all targets within 10 feet of the scroll) 
 
 POUCH FULL OF PSYCHICALLY CHARGED PEBBLES TRAP 
You keep a pouch with hundreds of nodes of blasting, for use with telekinesis, and to deter thieves. 
Type magic; Perception DC 28; Disable Device DC 28 (per pebble) 
EFFECTS 
Trigger touch (upon reaching into the pouch); Reset automatic (manual reset after all pebbles are exhausted) 
Effect spell effect (1d4 nodes of blasting, 6d6 damage each, Will DC 22 partial each) 