

Heathcliff, the Blood Knight 
“I will accept nothing less than the best.” 
 
Deference and respect are the privileges of noble birth. Few know 
this  better  than  the  man  who  calls  himself  the  Blood  Knight,  yet 
equally  well  does  he  know  that  such  things  are  not  always  freely 
given where they are due. And in those cases, it’s the burden of the 
nobly born to correct the error, and to take by force that which is their 
right. 
 
Heathcliff was born in Taldor with the proverbial silver spoon in his 
mouth, son of a wealthy but relatively minor noble house. As a boy, 
he  showed  remarkable  affinity  for  both  physical  activities—
especially  the  martial  pursuits—and  the  ins  and  outs  of  courtly 
etiquette  and  intrigue.  Though  both  traits  made  him  quite  popular 
with  the  peerage—especially  the  young  ladies  of  the  court, 
necessitating more than one woman being shuffled off to a nunnery 
on  a  nine-month  “vacation”—Heathcliff’s  wealth  and  natural 
abilities  also  gave  him  an  excessively  healthy  sense  of  self-
importance,  sometimes  getting  him  into  trouble  that  would  have 
crippled  a  man  of  lower  station.  By  the  time  Heathcliff’s  father 
realized that the cane-scarred whipping boy might not be the most effective means of corralling his youngest son, 
Heathcliff was already near grown, and thoroughly convinced of his own competence in all things. 
 
Though Heathcliff regularly dismissed such noble studies as literature and linguistics he could never get enough 
of bards’ tales of battle and bloodshed, often keeping the minstrels at his favorite taverns playing late into the 
night. Excel as he might at the joust or the ritualized combat of the nobility, he longed for the primal exultation 
of war, where his mastery over his fellow men would not just be avowed or lauded, but proved undeniably by the 
blood on his sword, as clear as the red-dripping talons of an eagle. 
 
True warfare has little in common with heroic ballads, and there are few who see its raw, naked face and come 
back unchanged. Certainly this was true for Heathcliff. Yet where some men learn wisdom in the wrack, at last 
understanding the price of a life and the senseless ease with which it’s taken, Heathcliff learned something else. 
In the clash of spears and the screams of horses, the man who had been a trumped-up merchant’s son became an 
elemental force of destruction, cutting down swaths of men who were never his enemies, but merely opponents 
to his liege lord. Though he became rich in his own right for serving his patron well, Heathcliff cared only for 
what the rewards represented: that here was a man whose worth was proven, in fire and iron. 
 
Thanks to his prowess on the battlefield, warriors are often drawn to his lord’s banner to fight at his side, and to 
Heathcliff’s secret surprise he’s developed quite a knack for leading them, issuing gruff and decisive commands. 
These companions are almost always cohorts rather than friends—though Heathcliff does a fine job of managing 
his troops and urging them on to ever-greater feats, long experience has taught him that soldiers are a short-lived 
lot, and hence he sheds few tears when it’s time to pay the butcher’s bill. 
 
In  truth,  whether  leading  soldiers  in  a  suicidal  charge  or  booting  serving  girls  out  of  his  bed  in  the  morning, 
Heathcliff cares little about the people around him. More than money, love, or lust, Heathcliff cares about the 
prestige of his realm. Even more than that, however, he strives with every encounter to increase his own legend, 
whether as a scoundrel or a saint. 
   

Heathcliff the Blood Knight 
Male human cavalier 12 (daring champion) 
N Medium human 
Init +9 (+11 with Aldori dueling sword); Senses Perception +2 
Languages Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 39, touch 23, flat-footed 29 (+12 armor, +2 deflection, +7 Dex, +3 dodge, 
+1 insight, +2 natural, +2 shield) 
hp 122 (12 HD) 
Fort +13, Ref +14, Will +9 
Defensive Abilities dizzying defense, dodging panache +2, nimble, subtle 
blade 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee Glimmer +21/+16/+11 (1d8+9/19-20) or 
Glimmer +21/+16/+11 (1d8+21/19-20) with Challenge or Precise Strike, or 
Glimmer +21/+16/+11 (1d8+33/19-20) with Challenge and Precise Strike 
Ranged +1 darkwood composite longbow +20/+15/+10 (1d8+1/×3) 
Special Attacks challenge 4/day (+12 damage, +4 AC), champion’s finesse, demanding challenge, for the king, 
lion’s call, precise strike, superior feint, targeted strike 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 24 (+7), Con 14 (+2), Int 13 (+1), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +12; CMB +12 (+21 with Aldori dueling sword); CMD 35 (36 vs. bull rush/reposition) 
Feats Aldori Dueling Disciple, Aldori Dueling Mastery, Combat ReflexesB, Duelist of the Roaring Falls, 
Duelist of the Shrouded Lake, Exotic Weapon Proficiency (Aldori dueling swordB), OutflankB, Precise 
Strike
B, Quick Draw, Slashing Grace (Aldori dueling sword), Weapon FinesseB (light or one-handed 
piercing melee weapons only), Weapon Focus (Aldori dueling sword) 
Skills Bluff +17, Diplomacy +17, Handle Animal +17, Intimidate +17 (+19 to demoralize opponents or +21 
whilst in a duel), Knowledge (local) +13, Sense Motive +17 
SQ banner, champion’s finesse, dizzying defense, greater tactician (9 rounds), panache (2), order (lion), 
swashbuckler initiative 
Combat Gear darkwood durable arrows (20), potions of cure serious wounds (2); Other Gear +1 darkwood 
composite longbow, amulet of natural armor +2, banner (can be worn as a cape, worth 20gp), belt of 
incredible dexterity +4, cloak of resistance +3, dusty rose prism ioun stone (imbedded), Glimmer and 
Sheen (+1 mithral menacing Aldori dueling sword and +4 burnished mithral celestial plate armor, 
respectively), jaunt boots, ring of protection +2, tender (50pp, 10gp) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 28 lb. 2 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Banner (Ex) As long as your banner is clearly visible, all allies within 60 feet receive a +5 morale bonus on 
saving throws against fear and a +4 morale bonus on attack rolls made as part of a charge. The banner 
must be at least Small or larger and must be carried or displayed by you or your mount to function. 
Burnished Armor Your armor has been polished to reflect light in your enemies’ eyes. In areas of bright light, 
all enemies within 30 feet that can see you must succeed at a Will saving throw (DC = 10 + your base 
attack bonus) or be dazzled for 1 round. Regardless of the result of its saving throw, a target may only be 
affected by this armor modification once per day. Polished armor imparts a –10 penalty to Stealth 
checks made in areas of bright or normal light and weighs 5 pounds more than normal. 
Challenge (Ex) Four times per day, you can challenge a foe to combat. As a swift action, you choose one target 
within sight to challenge. Your melee attacks deal extra damage whenever the attacks are made against 
the target of your challenge and you receive a +3 dodge bonus to your AC against attacks made by the 
target of your challenge. This extra damage is equal to your cavalier level. Challenging a foe requires 

much of your concentration causing you to take a –2 penalty to your Armor Class, except against attacks 
made by the target of your challenge. The challenge remains in effect until the target is dead or 
unconscious or until the combat ends. 
Champion’s Finesse (Ex) You gain the benefits of the Weapon Finesse feat with light or one-handed piercing 
melee weapons, and you can use Charisma in place of Intelligence for the purpose of combat feat 
prerequisites. You also count as having the Weapon Finesse feat for the purposes of meeting feat 
requirements. 
Demanding Challenge (Ex) Whenever you declare a challenge, your target must pay attention to the threat you 
pose. As long as the target is within your threatened area, it takes a –2 penalty to its AC from attacks 
made by anyone other than you. 
Dizzying Defense (Ex) While wielding a light or one-handed piercing melee weapon in one hand, you can 
spend 1 panache point to take the fighting defensively action as a swift action instead of a standard 
action. When fighting defensively in this manner, the dodge bonus to AC gained from that action 
increases to +4, and the penalty to attack rolls is reduced to –2. 
Dodging Panache (Ex) When an opponent attempts a melee attack against you, you may spend 1 panache point 
as an immediate action to move 5 feet; doing so grants you a dodge bonus to AC equal to your Charisma 
bonus against the triggering attack. This movement doesn’t negate the attack, which is still resolved as if 
you had not moved from the original square. This movement is not a 5-foot step; it provokes attacks of 
opportunity from creatures other than the one who triggered this deed. You can only perform this deed 
while wearing light or no armor, and while carrying no heavier than a light load. 
For the King (Ex) As a swift action, you can grant a competence bonus equal to your Charisma modifier on all 
attack and damage rolls to all allies within 30 feet. This bonus lasts for 1 round. This ability can be used 
once per combat. 
Greater Tactician (Ex) You receive two teamwork feats as bonus feats. You must meet the prerequisites for 
these feats. Three times per day, as a swift action, you can grant these feats to all allies within 30 feet 
who can see and hear you. Allies retain the use of this bonus feat for 3 rounds plus 1 round for every two 
cavalier levels you possess. Allies do not need to meet the prerequisites of these bonus feats. 
Lion’s Call (Ex) As a standard action, you can give an encouraging speech which grants all allies within 60 feet 
a competence bonus on their saving throws against fear equal to your Charisma modifier and a +1 
competence bonus on attack rolls for a number of rounds equal to your cavalier level. If an ally within 
range is under the effect of a spell or ability that causes him to be frightened or panicked, he can 
immediately make another saving throw to resist the effect (if allowed). 
Nimble (Ex) You gain a +3 dodge bonus to AC when wearing light or no armor and carrying no more than a 
light load. 
Panache (Ex) At the start of each day, you gain a number of panache points equal to your Charisma modifier 
(minimum 1). Your panache goes up or down throughout the day, but usually cannot go higher than 
your Charisma modifier (minimum 1), though feats and magic items can affect this maximum. You 
spend panache to accomplish deeds (see below), and regain panache in the following ways. 
Critical Hit with a Light or One-Handed Piercing Melee Weapon: Each time you confirm a critical 
hit with a light or one-handed piercing melee weapon, you regain 1 panache point. Confirming a critical 
hit on a helpless or unaware creature or a creature that has fewer Hit Dice than half your character level 
doesn’t restore panache. 
Killing Blow with a Light or One-Handed Piercing Melee Weapon: When you reduce a creature to 0 
or fewer hit points with a light or one-handed piercing melee weapon attack while in combat, you regain 
1 panache point. Destroying an unattended object, reducing a helpless or unaware creature to 0 or fewer 
hit points, or reducing a creature that has fewer Hit Dice than half your character level to 0 or fewer hit 
points doesn’t restore any panache. 
Precise Strike (Ex) While you have at least 1 panache point, you gain the ability to strike precisely with a light 
or one-handed piercing melee weapon (though not natural weapon attacks), adding your cavalier level to 
the damage dealt. To use this deed, you cannot attack with a weapon in your other hand or use a shield 
other than a buckler. You can even use this ability with thrown light or one-handed piercing melee 
weapons, so long as the target is within 30 feet of you. Any creature that is immune to sneak attacks is 

immune to the additional damage granted by precise strike, and any item or ability that protects a 
creature from critical hits also protects a creature from the additional damage of a precise strike. This 
additional damage is precision damage, and isn’t multiplied on a critical hit. As a swift action, you may 
spend 1 panache point to double your precise strike’s damage bonus on the next attack. This benefit 
must be used before the end of your turn, or it is lost. This deed’s cost cannot be reduced by any ability 
or effect that reduces the amount of panache points a deed costs (such as the Signature Deed feat). 
Subtle Blade (Ex) While you have at least 1 panache point, you are immune to disarm, steal, and sunder 
combat maneuvers made against a light or one-handed piercing melee weapon you are wielding. 
Superior Feint (Ex) While you have at least 1 panache point you can, as a standard action, purposefully miss a 
creature you could make a melee attack against with a wielded light or one-handed piercing weapon. 
When you do, the creature is denied its Dexterity bonus to AC until the start of your next turn. 
Swashbuckler Initiative (Ex) While you have at least 1 panache point, you gain a +2 bonus on initiative 
checks. In addition, if you have the Quick Draw feat, your hands are free and unrestrained, and you have 
any single light or one-handed piercing melee weapon that isn’t hidden, you can draw that weapon as 
part of the initiative check. 
Targeted Strike (Ex) As a full-round action you can spend 1 panache point to make an attack with a single 
light or one-handed piercing melee weapon that cripples part of a foe’s body. You choose a part of the 
body to target. If the attack succeeds, in addition to the attack’s normal damage, the target suffers one of 
the following effects based on the part of the body targeted. If a creature doesn’t have one of the listed 
body locations, that body part cannot be targeted. Creatures that are immune to sneak attacks are also 
immune to targeted strikes. Items or abilities that protect a creature from critical hits also protect a 
creature from targeted strikes. 
Arms: The target takes no damage from the attack, but it drops one carried item of your choice, even 
if the item is wielded with two hands. Items held in a locked gauntlet cannot be chosen. 
Head: The target is confused for 1 round. This is a mind-affecting effect. 
Legs: The target is knocked prone. Creatures with four or more legs or that are immune to trip 
attacks are immune to this effect. 
Torso or Wings: The target is staggered for 1 round. 