

Helegûr 
Female aasimar sorcerer 15 (crossblooded, mythic archmage 6) 
CN Medium outsider (native) 
Init +7; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +13 
Languages Common, Celestial, Draconic, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 15, touch 11, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +1 Dex); mage armor 
hp 267 plus frozen flesh (15 HD) 
Fort +21 (roll twice), Ref +11, Will +13; +4 vs. wind effects 
Defensive Abilities hard to kill; DR 10/epic when below 0 hp; Immune 
aging, extreme cold, inhaled poisons, sleep effects, starvation, 
suffocation, thirst; Resist acid 5, cold 10, electricity 5, fire 30 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares); icewalker 
Melee icicle dagger +8 (1d4 plus 1d6+1 cold/19-20) 
Ranged icicle dagger +9 (1d4 plus 1d6+1 cold/19-20) 
Special Attacks mythic power (15/day, surge +1d8) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 15th; Concentration +23) 
11/day – cold steel 
1/day – blizzard, daylight 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 15th, CL 16th with cold spells; Concentration +23) 
7th  (5/day) – elemental body IVB, ice body
UM, simulacrumM B 
6th  (7/day) – freezing sphere, ice crystal teleportUM, transformationB 
5th  (7/day) – cone of coldB, ice skinM (as stoneskin), icy prisonUM, seeming 
4th  (8/day) – frozen flesh (as greater false life
UM), ice storm, solid fog, wall of ice
B 
3rd  (8/day) – protection from energyB, major image, sleet storm, slow 
2nd (8/day) – frigid ray
B (as scorching ray but cold), frigid touchUM, glitterdust, ice fractal field (as 
web), see invisibility 
1st  (8/day) – alarmB, blood money
RotR (see below), feather fallB, freezing handsB (as burning hands but 
cold), hoarfrost (as grease), hold portalB, icicle daggerUM, mage armorB, magic missileB, 
obscuring mistB, shieldB, snowballPotN 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, light, mage hand, mending, message, prestidigitation, read 
magic 
Bloodline crossblooded (boreal, elemental water) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 13 (+1), Con 28 (+9), Int 14 (+2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 26 (+8) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +7; CMD 18 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Diehard
B, Elemental Focus (coldM), Endurance
B, Eschew MaterialsB, Expanded 
Arcana, Great Fortitude
M, Greater Elemental Focus (cold), Improved Great Fortitude, Rime Spell, 
ToughnessM 
Skills Diplomacy +10, Disguise +18, Intimidate +21, Knowledge (planes) +15, Perception +13, Spellcraft +15, 
Survival +14; Racial Bonuses +2 Diplomacy, +2 Perception 
SQ archmage arcana (wild arcana), bloodline arcana (change energy damage spells to cold), force of will, 
legendary item (3), longevity, mythic saving throws, mythic sustenance, recuperation, sleepless, snow 
shroud 
Combat Gear material components (ice skin 10), personal clones (3); Other Gear belt of mighty constitution 
+6, boots of the winterlands, bottled blizzard (functionally an eversmoking bottle), cloak of resistance 
+5, crystal crown of vision (as storm mask), headband of alluring charisma +6, Helch Barad (major 
artifact, see below), orb of storms, pages of spell knowledge (alarm, feather fall, hold portal, mage 
armor, magic missile, obscuring mist, shield), ring of greater fire resistance, ring of invisibility, rod of 

ice, shirt of immolation, tender (440gp), troll fighter simulacrum bodyguards (20, see below), 
simulacrum doubles (9, see below), tender (440gp), voidfrost robe 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 18 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Amazing Initiative (Ex) You gain a bonus on initiative checks equal to your mythic tier (included above). In 
addition, as a free action on your turn, you can expend one use of mythic power to take an additional 
standard action during that turn. This additional standard action can’t be used to cast a spell. You can’t 
gain an extra action in this way more than once per round. 
Blizzard (Sp) You can create a savage winter storm centered on you. This power acts as control winds, but in 
addition the entire area (not including the “eye” at the center of the storm) is affected as a sleet storm 
and all in the area are exposed to extreme cold. You may use this ability once per day. 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell that deals energy damage, you can change the type of damage to 
cold. This also changes the spell’s type to cold. Additionally, whenever you cast a spell with the cold 
descriptor, increase the spell’s save DC by 1. 
Cold Steel (Sp) You can touch a weapon or up to 50 pieces of ammunition as a standard action, giving it the 
frost property for a number of rounds equal to ½ your sorcerer level (minimum 1). You can confer the 
icy burst property instead, but the duration of the power is halved. You can use this ability a number of 
times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. 
Force of Will (Ex) You can exert your will to force events to unfold as you would like. As an immediate 
action, you can expend one use of mythic power to reroll a d20 roll you just made, or force any non-
mythic creature to reroll a d20 roll it just made. You can use this ability after the results are revealed. 
Whoever rerolls a roll must take the result of the second roll, even if it is lower. 
Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 
hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Icewalker (Ex) You gain resist cold 10 and can move across snow and icy surfaces without penalty and without 
leaving tracks. You can also climb icy surfaces as if using spider climb. 
Longevity (Su) You can no longer die from old age. If you have penalties to your physical ability scores due to 
aging, you no longer take those penalties. You still continue to age, and you gain all the benefits to your 
mental ability scores. 
Mythic Saving Throws (Ex) Whenever you succeed at a saving throw against a spell or special ability, you 
suffer no effects as long as that ability didn’t come from a mythic source (such as a creature with a 
mythic tier or mythic ranks). If you fail a saving throw that results from a mythic source, you take the 
full effects as normal. 
Mythic Sustenance (Su) Your mythic power is enough to sustain you. You no longer need to eat, drink, or 
breathe to live. You’re immune to inhaled poisons and any spell or effect that requires breathing, though 
you are still affected by any food or drink you intake. 
Recuperation (Ex) You are restored to full hit points after 8 hours of rest so long as you aren’t dead. In 
addition, by expending one use of mythic power and resting for 1 hour, you regain a number of hit 
points equal to half your full hit points (up to a maximum of your full hit points) and regain the use of 
any class features that are limited to a certain number of uses per day (such as barbarian rage, bardic 
performance, spells per day, and so on). This rest is treated as 8 hours of sleep for such abilities. This 
rest doesn’t refresh uses of mythic power or any mythic abilities that are limited to a number of times 
per day. 
Sleepless (Su) You no longer require sleep, don’t become fatigued or exhausted from lack of sleep, and are 
immune to sleep effects. If you have abilities or class features that require rest before they can be 
regained, you can choose to regain them once per day by spending 1 hour in uninterrupted meditation. 
Snow Shroud (Su) You ignore concealment and Perception penalties in natural or magical snow, ice, fog, and 
similar weather conditions. In addition, you can surround yourself with a cloak of swirling snow for a 

number of rounds per day equal to your sorcerer level. This power acts and deals damage as a fire shield 
(chill shield) that sheds no light. It provides a 20% miss chance on attacks made against you and grants a 
bonus on Stealth checks equal to ½ your sorcerer level in snowy or icy areas. You can use this ability 
once per day. 
Surge (Su) You can call upon your mythic power to overcome difficult challenges. You can expend one use of 
mythic power to increase any d20 roll you just made by rolling 1d8 and adding it to the result. Using this 
ability is an immediate action taken after the result of the original roll is revealed. This can change the 
outcome of the roll. 
Wild Arcana (Su) As a standard action, you can expend one use of mythic power to cast any one arcane spell 
without expending a prepared spell or spell slot. The spell must be on one of your arcane class spell lists, 
must be of a level that you can cast with that arcane spellcasting class, and must have a casting time of 
“1 standard action” (or less). You don’t need to have the spell prepared, nor does it need to be on your 
list of spells known. When casting a spell in this way, you treat your caster level as 2 levels higher for 
the purpose of any effect dependent on level. You can apply any metamagic feats you know to this spell, 
but its total adjusted level can’t be greater than that of the highest-level arcane spell you can cast from 
that spellcasting class. 
 
Helegûr simulacrum double (as above, except as follows…) 
Female aasimar sorcerer 7 (non-mythic) 
Init +1; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +10 
DEFENSE 
AC 12, touch 12, flat-footed 10 (+1 dodge, +1 Dex) 
hp 68 (7 HD) 
Fort +3, Ref +5, Will +6 
Resist acid 5, cold 5, electricity 5 
OFFENSE 
Melee icicle dagger +4 (1d4 plus 1d6+1 cold damage/19-20) 
Ranged icicle dagger +5 (1d4 plus 1d6+1 cold damage/19-20) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 7th; Concentration +11) 
7/day – cold steel 
1/day – daylight 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 7th; Concentration +11) 
3rd-level (5/day) – major image, protection from energy 
2nd-level (7/day) – frigid ray (as scorching ray but cold), frigid touchUM, ice crystal field (as web) 
1st-level (7/day) – blood money
RotR (see below), freezing hands (as burning hands but cold), hoarfrost 
(as grease), icicle daggerUM 
0-level (at will) – detect magic, light, mage hand, mending, message, prestidigitation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 13 (+1), Con 16 (+3), Int 14 (+2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 18 (+4) 
Base Atk +3; CMB +3; CMD 14 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Elemental Focus (cold), EnduranceB, Eschew MaterialsB, Greater Elemental Focus 
(cold), Toughness 
Skills Diplomacy +6, Intimidate +11, Knowledge (planes +8), Perception +10, Spellcraft +12, Survival +11; 
Racial Bonuses +2 Diplomacy, +2 Perception 
SQ bloodline arcana (change energy damage spells to cold) 
Gear nonfunctional facsimile gear 
 
   

Helegûr’s simulacrum bodyguards 
Troll simulacrum (3 HD), fighter 4 
N Large humanoid (giant) 
Init +4; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision, 
scent; Perception +7 
Languages Giant 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 13, flat-footed 18 (+4 armor, +4 
Dex, +5 natural, –1 size) 
hp 84 (7 HD); regeneration 5 (acid, fire) 
Fort +14, Ref +6, Will +4; +1 vs. fear 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. when unarmored 
Melee bite +12 (1d8+7) and 
2 claws +12/+12 (1d6+7 plus rend) or 
bite +10 (1d8+11) and 
2 claws +10/+10 (1d6+11 plus rend) with Power Attack, or 
longspear +12/+7 (2d6+10/×3) or 
longspear +10/+5 (2d6+16/×3) with Power Attack 
Ranged javelin +10 (1d8+7) 
Space 10 ft.; Reach 10 ft. (20 ft. with longspear) 
Special Attacks rend (2 claws, 1d6+10) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 25 (+7), Dex 19 (+4), Con 25 (+7), Int 6 (–2), Wis 11 (+0), Cha 4 (–3) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +14; CMD 28 
Feats BodyguardB, Combat ReflexesB (5 AoO’s/round), In Harm’s Way
B, Lunge, Power Attack, Pushing 
Assault, Stand Still 
Skills Perception +7 
SQ armor training 1, bravery +1 
Gear hide armor, javelins (4), longspear 
Encumbrance light 532 lb., medium 1,066 lb., heavy 1,600 lb.; Weight Carried 84 lb. 
 
   

Helch Barad, the Cold Fortress (major artifact) 
 
Created by Helegûr to serve as a terrifying mobile base of operations, 
Helch Barad is an impenetrable intelligent instant fortress made of 
unmelting ice that turns into a large diamond, rather than a metal 
cube. By themselves, Helch Barad’s walls are as hard and durable as 
adamantine, but they have also been further reinforced to near 
indestructability by Helegûr’s magical treatments with troll’s blood. 
The crystal tower has the ability to fly her and her simulacrum 
minions wherever she pleases, though she most often stays far to the 
north, where it is said her powers are at their strongest. The tower’s 
crystalline walls also serve as a magical scrying device, allowing her 
to spy upon the outside world from time to time. 
Helch Barad was originally a powerful troll mercenary that 
once served as Helegûr’s personal bodyguard. When he betrayed her 
to a higher paying client, she slew him and bound his spirit into her 
newly made fortress—forever ensuring that he would serve as her 
protector. Helegûr continues to keep much of Helch’s regenerative 
flesh on ice within the tower (one of her most prized possessions), 
using it to create numerous simulacrum troll bodyguards which can 
never betray her. In this way, she keeps both Helch’s body and mind 
enslaved to her will as punishment for his treachery. 
Those who oppose Helegûr and the might of her Helch Barad soon find themselves trapped in the midst 
of a great and terrible storm, as the Cold Fortress and its inhabitants rain ice and fire from on high. Victims of 
such wrath are often replaced with simulacrum clones that work endlessly towards Helegûr’s goals abroad. 
 
The instant fortress, Helch Barad, possesses the following stats: 
AL CN; Int 10, Wis 10, Cha 10; Telepathy; 120 ft. blindsense; Can fly, as the spell, at a speed of 30 feet 
(Fly +12 modifier); Can cast scry 3/day and can teleport itself and occupants 1/day; Possesses 10 ranks in the 
fly skill; Ego score 14. 
Legendary Powers: eternal bond, legendary surge 1d8+2 (8/day), perfect surge, powerful (3), 
rejuvenating 
Destruction: The Cold Fortress cannot be destroyed unless Helch Barad is brought back to life and 
personally allowed to obtain his revenge against Helegûr (which must result in her death by his hands). So long 
as his frozen heart (a solid block of unmelting ice) remains within the tower under Helegûr’s watchful eye, 
however, nothing short of deific intervention can bring him back to life. The heart must first be removed from 
the tower and thawed within an immense source of magical heat (such as in the depths of one of the plane of 
fire’s largest volcanoes) before any form of resurrection can take place. Upon Helegûr’s death under those 
specific conditions, the tower slowly crumbles in on itself, imploding and causing great harm to all those still 
trapped within. 
 
   

Blood Money 
School transmutation; Level magus 1, sorcerer/wizard 1, witch 1 
Casting Time 1 swift action 
Components V, S 
Range 0 ft. 
Effect 1 material component 
Duration Instantaneous 
 
You cast blood money just before casting another spell. As part of this spell’s casting, you must cut one of your 
hands, releasing a stream of blood that causes you to take 1d6 points of damage. When you cast another spell in 
that same round, your blood transforms into one material component of your choice required by that second 
spell. Even valuable components worth more than 1 gp can be created, but creating such material components 
requires an additional cost of 1 point of Strength damage, plus a further point of damage for every full 500 gp of 
the component’s value (so a component worth 500–999 gp costs a total of 2 points, 1,000–1,500 costs 3, etc.). 
You cannot create magic items with blood money. 
 
For example, a sorcerer with the spell stoneskin prepared could cast blood money to create the 250 gp worth of 
diamond dust required by that spell, taking 1d6 points of damage and 1 point of Strength damage in the process. 
 
Material components created by blood money transform back into blood at the end of the round if they have not 
been used as a material component. Spellcasters who do not have blood cannot cast blood money, and those 
who are immune to Strength damage (such as undead spellcasters) cannot use blood money to create valuable 
material components. 
 
This spell initially appears in Paizo’s Rise of the Runelords Anniversary Edition adventure path and is reprinted 
here for ease of reference. 
 