

Hu Manum Pullum 
Male human fighter 10 (eldritch guardian, martial master, 
mutation warrior) 
CN Medium humanoid 
Init +2; Senses familiar’s alertness; Perception +13 (+17 with 
familiar) 
Languages Common (rarely speaks) 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 12, flat-footed 18 (+8 armor, +2 Dex) 
hp 180 (10 HD) 
Fort +14, Ref +6, Will +5; +3 vs. fear and mind-affecting effects 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. when unarmored 
Melee +1 impact greatclub +15/+7 (2d8+17) with Power Attack, or 
+1 impact greatclub +15 (4d8+23) with Power Attack and Vital Strike 
Ranged mwk sling +13 (1d4+4) 
Special Attacks martial flexibility (2 feats, 8/day), mutagen (100 minutes), spontaneous healing 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 18 (+4), Dex 14 (+2), Con 22 (+6), Int 7 (–2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +10; CMB +14; CMD 26 
Feats AlertnessB (with familiar only), Devastating StrikeB, Furious FocusB, Mauler’s Endurance, Outflank, 
Power Attack
B, Precise Strike, Spirit’s Gift, Toughness, Vital Strike
B 
Skills Perception +13 (+17 with familiar), Sense Motive +3 (+5 with familiar), Survival +10; Armor Check 
Penalty –5; Racial Bonuses +2 Sense Motive, +5 Survival 
SQ eye for talent, familiar (chicken), heart of the wilderness +5 
Combat Gear potions (cure light wounds 7, enlarge person 10), sling bullets (100); Other Gear +1 impact 
greatclub, +1 O-yoroi (stylized chicken suit), belt of giant strength +4, belt pouch, chicken feed, cloak 
of resistance +1, monster mask (chicken-like tengu), tender (8gp) 
Encumbrance light 116 lb., medium 233 lb., heavy 350 lb.; Weight Carried 57 lb. 1 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Eye for Talent You gain a +2 racial bonus on Sense Motive checks (included above). In addition, when you 
acquire an animal companion, bonded mount, cohort, or familiar, that creature gains a +2 bonus to one 
ability score of your choice. 
Heart of the Wilderness You gain a racial bonus equal to half your character level on Survival checks 
(included above. You also gain a +5 racial bonus on Constitution checks to stabilize when dying and add 
half your character level to your Constitution score when determining the negative hit point total 
necessary to kill you. 
Martial Flexibility (Ex) You can use a swift action to gain the benefit of a combat feat you don’t possess, or a 
move action to gain two such feats. This effect lasts for 1 minute. You must otherwise meet all the feat’s 
prerequisites. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + ½ your fighter level. You 
can use this ability again before the duration expires in order to replace the previous combat feat with 
another choice. If a combat feat has a daily use limitation (such as Stunning Fist), any uses of that 
combat feat while using this ability count toward that feat’s daily limit. When gaining multiple feats 
through this ability, you can use those feats to meet the prerequisites of other feats you gain with this 
ability. Doing so means you cannot replace a feat currently fulfilling another’s prerequisite without also 
replacing those feats that require it. Each individual feat selected counts toward your daily uses of this 
ability. 
Mutagen (Su) It takes 1 hour to brew a dose of mutagen, and once brewed, it remains potent until used. You 
can only maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any existing mutagen 
becomes inert. A mutagen that is not in an alchemist’s possession becomes inert until an alchemist picks 

it up again. When you brew a mutagen, you select one physical ability score—either Strength, Dexterity, 
or Constitution. It’s a standard action to drink a mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen causes you 
to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you a +2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical bonus to 
the selected ability score for 10 minutes per fighter level. In addition, while the mutagen is in effect, you 
take a –2 penalty to one of your mental ability scores. If the mutagen enhances your Strength, it applies 
a penalty to your Intelligence. If it enhances your Dexterity, it applies a penalty to your Wisdom. If it 
enhances your Constitution, it applies a penalty to your Charisma. A character lacking this ability who 
drinks a mutagen must make a Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your fighter level + your Intelligence 
modifier) or become nauseated for 1 hour—someone without this ability can never gain the benefit of a 
mutagen, but someone with this ability can gain the effects of another person’s mutagen if he drinks it. 
(Although if the other person creates a different mutagen, the effects of the “stolen” mutagen 
immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever you drink a mutagen, the effects 
of any previous mutagen immediately end. 
Share Training (Ex) When your familiar can see and hear you, it can use any combat feat you possess. Your 
familiar doesn’t have to meet the feats’ prerequisites, but at the GM’s discretion may be precluded from 
using certain combat feats due to its physical form. 
Spontaneous Healing (Ex) You gain the ability to heal from wounds rapidly. As a free action once per round, 
you can heal 5 hit points as if you had the fast healing ability. You can heal 5 hit points per day in this 
manner for every 2 fighter levels you possess. If you fall unconscious because of hit point damage and 
you still have healing available from this ability, the ability activates automatically each round until you 
are conscious again or the ability is depleted for the day. 
Steel Will (Ex) You gain a +3 bonus on Will saves against fear and mind-affecting effects. 
 
Embassy 
Chicken familiar (mauler) 
CN Tiny magical beast (augmented animal) 
Init +0; Senses low-light vision; Perception +14 
Languages empathic link 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 12, flat-footed 20 (+3 armor, +5 natural, +2 size) 
hp 110 (10 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +3, Will +4 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion; DR 5/adamantine 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 20 ft. (clumsy); drift 
Melee bite +14 (2d3+12) with Power Attack and Vital Strike 
Space 2½ ft.; Reach 0 ft. 
Special Attacks battle form 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 13 (+1), Dex 10 (+0), Con 12 (+1), Int 6 (–2), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 2 (–4) 
Base Atk +10; CMB +9; CMD 19 
Feats Devastating Strike, Furious Focus, Outflank, Power Attack, Precise Strike, Vital Strike, Weapon Focus 
(bite) 
Skills Fly +0, Perception +14, Stealth +8 
SQ alertness, empathic link, familiar traits, spirit animal (typically life or stone) 
Gear belt of giant strength +4, parade armor 
Encumbrance light 25 lb., medium 50 lb., heavy 75 lb.; Weight Carried 3 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alertness (Ex) While your familiar is within arm’s reach, you gain the Alertness feat. 

Battle Form (Su) Your familiar can transform into a larger, more ferocious form and back at will. In battle 
form, your familiar’s size becomes Medium and it gains a +2 bonus to Strength (this stacks with the 
normal Strength adjustments for increasing in size). 
Bond Forged in Blood (Su) Whenever you drop a foe whose Hit Dice are at least ½ your level to below 0 hit 
points, your familiar’s empathic link surges with power, granting both your familiar and you a +2 
morale bonus to attack and damage rolls for 1 round. 
Drift (Ex) A chicken flies in short bursts, and can’t use its fly speed to hover. When it flies, a chicken must end 
its move action by landing or perching on a solid surface. 
Empathic Link (Su) Your familiar has an empathic link with you out to one mile. You cannot see through your 
familiar’s eyes, but the two of you can communicate empathically. Only general emotional content can 
be communicated. You have the same connection to an item or place that your familiar does. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, your familiar takes no damage if he makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if 
the saving throw fails. 
Increased Strength (Ex) Your familiar’s Strength score increases by 4 (included above). 
Spirit Animal (Ex) At the start of the day, you can choose to commune with a single shaman spirit. (Although 
a shaman would need an hour of preparation, this takes you no time.) For the next 24 hours, that shaman 
spirit augments your animal companion or familiar, as its spirit animal ability. The above stats reflect the 
spirit of stone, though other choices are possible from day to day. 
 
Embassy (Battle Form) 
Chicken familiar (mauler) 
CN Medium magical beast (augmented animal) 
Init –2; Senses low-light vision; Perception +14 
Languages empathic link 
DEFENSE 
AC 16, touch 8, flat-footed 16 (+3 armor, –2 Dex, +5 natural) 
hp 110 (10 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +3, Will +4 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 20 ft. (clumsy); drift 
Melee bite +17 (2d4+20) with Power Attack and Vital Strike 
Special Attacks battle form 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 23 (+6), Dex 6 (–2), Con 14 (+2), Int 6 (–2), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 2 (–4) 
Base Atk +10; CMB +16; CMD 26 
Feats Devastating Strike, Furious Focus, Outflank, Power Attack, Precise Strike, Vital Strike, Weapon Focus 
(bite) 
Skills Fly –6, Perception +14 
SQ alertness, empathic link, familiar traits, spirit animal (typically life or stone) 
Gear belt of giant strength +4, parade armor 
Encumbrance light 200 lb., medium 400 lb., heavy 600 lb.; Weight Carried 21 lb. 