

Jackal Maulsons 
“The rule of law is only as strong as the people who uphold it.” 
 
A Mwangi orphan who was adopted by a former noble family of Galt, Jackal 
was raised to despise the chaos that had robbed his adoptive parents of their 
proper name and station, forcing them to hide as middle-class apothecaries. 
Yet for Jackal himself, apprenticed to an artificer and never having person-
ally known the aristocratic comforts his parents mourned, this was no true 
inconvenience. What frustrated him about his nation was not that power re-
sided with the people, but rather that it was wielded in such a capricious fash-
ion. His fellow citizens’ constant false accusations and refusal to abide by 
court rulings—not to mention the Gray Gardeners’ tendency to pronounce 
sentences completely outside the system—drove young Jackal to distraction. 
 
When Jackal was twenty, having recently lost both parents in a violent rob-
bery, his simmering rage finally came to a head. After the ruling faction sen-
tenced the wrong man to death for his parents’ murders with flagrant disregard for due process, Jackal overstepped 
by investigating the matter himself, turning up irrefutable proof of the man’s innocence. When his attempts to 
reopen the case were stymied, he returned the night before the scheduled execution and set the man free—only to 
run straight into a Gray Gardener patrol. The prisoner escaped in the ensuing fracas, and even as Jackal ran, he 
heard the Gardeners shouting his name. 
 
Jackal fled for the border with a new name and identity, knowing that there was now a price on his head. Unable 
to return home to avenge his family by finding and bringing their real killer to justice, Jackal instead chose to 
begin a new chapter in his life. Roaming the nations of the Inner Sea, he quickly learned how to protect himself 
with sword and spell, and even used his experience as an alchemist and artificer to start a living as a lawful arms 
dealer, eventually settling down in beautiful Magnimar, the City of Monuments. He spends his free time by look-
ing out for allegations of unjust accusations or abuses of power, or for clearly unrepentant criminals that were 
freed by a flawed system. When he finds such a case, he investigates it himself, using long years of association 
with both lawful and unlawful organizations to help him ferret out truth and justice. If the legal proceedings seem 
fair, he often shows up unexpectedly at the court, presenting sworn evidence and acting as defending counsel for 
the accused (if innocent) or as an advisor to the prosecution (if guilty). If he finds a court judge to be corrupt, he 
takes a more direct hand in protecting the innocent or  stopping the guilty. While he respects the law, he also 
knows that people are imperfect, and that breaking local laws is sometimes necessary in order to uphold more 
universal ones. Of course, his meddling is rarely popular with the opposition, and so Jackal generally hides his 
activities, quickly moving along as soon as he’s seen justice done and taken steps to ensure that victims won’t 
suffer further  abuses. Always having had  a plan, he has so  far managed  to avoid undue scrutiny  of his illicit 
vigilante activities, though he knows it’s only a matter of time before his luck runs out. 
 
Due to the many injustices he’s seen in his life, Jackal has long since grown rough and unforgiving, though he 
remains able to fit easily into both high and low  society  when needed, thanks in no small part to his worldly 
nature. His well-honed analytical mind is capable of astounding feats of logic and deduction, and he’s fond of 
sharpening it still further with his many alchemical and magical creations. While a formidable adversary in com-
bat, he nevertheless believes that the best weapon is the one your foe never sees coming, and therefore prefers 
ambushes and subterfuge to direct confrontation. He’s loyal to his friends, and sometimes seems to have a con-
nection in every town, yet he is also wary of associating too long or too openly with his allies, knowing that his 
fight for justice has made him unpopular with various powerful factions. 
 
VITAL STATISTICS 
Birthdate/Age Lamashan 7, 4680 AR (27 years old)  Height 6 ft.  Eye Color Brown 
Ethnicity/Race Mwangi human  Weight 190 lb.  Hair Color Black (bald) 

 
Jackal Maulsons 
Male Mwangi human magus 7 
LN Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses death watch; Perception +12 
Languages Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Common, Ignan, Polyglot, Sylvan, 
Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 16, flat-footed 21 (+8 armor, +1 deflection, +4 Dex, +1 in-
sight, +1 natural) 
hp 72 (7 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +8, Will +8 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 adamantine keen spell storing scimitar +10 (1d6+5/15-20) or 
+3 adamantine keen spell storing scimitar +12 (1d6+7/15-20) 
with Arcane Pool, or 
alien knife +10 (1d4+5/15-20) or 
alien knife +12 (1d4+7/15-20) with Arcane Pool 
Ranged +1 whipwood composite longbow +10 (1d8+5 plus leprosy/×3 plus poison) or 
+3 whipwood composite longbow +12 (1d8+7 plus leprosy/×3 plus poison) with Arcane Pool 
Special Attacks arcane pool (10/day, +2 bonus), spell combat, spellstrike 
Magus Spells Prepared (CL 7
th, Concentration +15) 
3rd  (2/day) – haste, heroism 
2nd (5/day) – acid arrow, bladed dashISM, invisibility, mirror image, scorching ray 
1st  (6/day) – blade lash
ACG, intensified shocking grasp (2), long armACG, magic missile, shield 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, open/close, prestidigitation, ray of frost 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 18 (+4), Dex 18 (+4), Con 18 (+4), Int 23 (+6), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +9; CMD 25 (27 to sunder bow); Hero Points 3 
Feats Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, Extra Arcana, Focused Overseer
B, Focused Worker 
(magic +, labor –), Intensify SpellB 
Skills Climb +14, Craft (alchemy) +16, Fly +14, Knowledge (arcana) +16, Perception +12, Ride +14, Spellcraft 
+16, Stealth +20 (+21 in hilly or rocky areas), Swim +14 
SQ knowledge pool, magus arcana (arcane accuracy, spell blending [heroism], spell-scars), medium ar-
mor, spell recall, traits (eyes and ears of the city, highlander, magical lineage [shocking grasp], meticu-
lous) 
Combat Gear bandages of rapid recovery, durable viridium arrows (20, magically strengthened), spell-scars 
(fly, gaseous form, haste, heroism, major image, water breathing); Other Gear +1 keen spell storing 
adamantine scimitar (typically contains intensified shocking grasp), +1 whipwood composite longbow 
(+4 strength bonus), +2 shadow mithral agile breastplate, alien knife (scavenged from Numeria, func-
tionally a glowing +1 keen living steel kukri), amulet of natural armor +1, belt of physical perfection 
+4, blessed book (contains harmful surge preparation ritual, see below; rarely carried), bookplate of re-
call (on blessed book), deathwatch eyes (in the form of an eye patch), dusty rose prism ioun stone (in the 
form of a glass eye), handy haversack, headband of vast intelligence +4 (fly, ride), jingasa of the fortu-
nate soldier (in the form of a “lucky” earring), lambent crystal (crystal orb with heightened [4th] contin-
ual flame cast upon it), lead-lined quiver, pearls of power (1
st 6, 2nd 3), spell component pouches (3; 2 
concealed, DC 26 to find), tender (6gp, 6sp, 7cp), traveler’s any-tools (2), tunic of careful casting; 
Downtime Assets capital (magic 1) 
Spellbook all magus spells of 3rd-level and lower 
Encumbrance light 100 lb., medium 200 lb., heavy 300 lb.; Weight Carried 55 lb. 

 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Accuracy (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a swift action to grant yourself an in-
sight bonus equal to your Intelligence bonus on all attack rolls until the end of your turn. 
Arcane Pool (Su) You have a reservoir of mystical arcane energy that you can draw upon to fuel your powers 
and enhance your weapon. This arcane pool has a number of points equal to ½ your magus level (mini-
mum 1) + your Intelligence modifier. The pool refreshes once each day when you prepare your spells. 
You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a swift action to grant any weapon you are holding a 
+5 enhancement bonus for 1 minute. These bonuses can be added to the weapon, stacking with existing 
weapon enhancement to a maximum of +5. Multiple uses of this ability do not stack with themselves. 
These bonuses can be used to add any of the following weapon properties: dancing, flaming, flaming 
burst, frost, icy burst, keen, shock, shocking burst, speed, or vorpal. Adding these properties consumes 
an amount of bonus equal to the property’s cost. These properties are added to any the weapon already 
has, but duplicates do not stack. If the weapon is not magical, at least a +1 enhancement bonus must be 
added before any other properties can be added. These bonuses and properties are decided when the ar-
cane pool point is spent and cannot be changed until the next time you use this ability. These bonuses do 
not function if the weapon is wielded by anyone other than you. You can only enhance one weapon in 
this way at one time. If you use this ability again, the first use immediately ends. 
Eyes and Ears of the City You gain a +1 trait bonus on Perception checks, and Perception is always a class 
skill for you. 
Harmful Surge (Su) Once per day, after having prepared spells, you may maximize a spell, but doing so dam-
ages you. Spend this boon effect as a free action when you cast a wizard evocation spell. When you do, 
you can treat that spell as if it were cast with the Maximize Spell metamagic feat, but you take 1d4 
points of damage × the level of the spell that you are maximizing. The damage you take cannot be re-
duced in any way. 
Highlander You gain a +1 trait bonus on Stealth checks, and Stealth is always a class skill for you. This trait 
bonus increases to +2 in hilly or rocky areas. 
Knowledge Pool (Su) When you prepare your magus spells, you can decide to expend 1 or more points from 
your arcane pool, up to your Intelligence bonus. For each point you expend, you can treat any one spell 
from the magus spell list as if it were in your spellbook and can prepare that spell as normal that day. If 
you do not cast spells prepared in this way before the next time you prepares spells, you loses those 
spells. You can also cast spells added in this way using you pool spell ability, but only until you prepare 
spells again. 
Magical Lineage When you apply metamagic feats to the shocking grasp spell that add at least 1 level to the 
spell, treat its actual level as 1 lower for determining the spell’s final adjusted level. 
Medium Armor (Ex) You can cast magus spells while wearing medium armor without incurring the normal 
arcane spell failure chance. Like any other arcane spellcaster, a magus wearing heavy armor or using a 
shield incurs a chance of arcane spell failure if the spell in question has a somatic component. 
Meticulous You plan and prepare everything in detail, and aren’t good at improvising when things don’t go as 
planned. You take a –2 penalty on skill checks for skills with which you’re untrained. 
Spell Blending (Ex) You treat one or more wizard spells (shown above) as magus spells. 
Spell Combat (Ex) You can cast spells and wield your weapons at the same time. This functions much like 
two-weapon fighting, but the off-hand weapon is a spell that is being cast. To use this ability, you must 
have one hand free (even if the spell being cast does not have somatic components), while wielding a 
light or one-handed melee weapon in the other hand. As a full-round action, you can make all of your 
attacks with your melee weapon at a –2 penalty and can also cast any spell from the magus spell list with 
a casting time of 1 standard action (any attack roll made as part of this spell also takes this penalty). If 
you cast this spell defensively, you can decide to take an additional penalty on your attack rolls, up to 
your Intelligence bonus, and add the same amount as a circumstance bonus on your concentration check. 
If the check fails, the spell is wasted, but the attacks still take the penalty. You can choose to cast the 

spell first or make the weapon attacks first, but if you have more than one attack, you cannot cast the 
spell between weapon attacks. 
Spell Recall (Su) With a swift action you can recall any single magus spell that you have already prepared and 
cast that day by expending a number of points from your arcane pool equal to the spell’s level (mini-
mum 1). The spell is prepared again, just as if it had not been cast. 
Spell-Scars (Ex) You can use special scar-based tattoos called spell-scars on your skin to cast or prepare spells, 
much like scrolls. You can cast a spell from a spell-scar exactly like casting from a scroll; the ink and 
scars vanish when the spell is cast. You can also prepare spells from your spell-scars without expending 
them, similar to a wizard using the Spell Mastery feat. You do not need to be able to see your spell-scar 
to use it. You have room on your skin for 18 total spell levels of spell-scars, which you can create using 
the rules for scribing scrolls (although they do not require the Scribe Scroll feat). 
Spellstrike (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with a range of “touch” from the magus spell list, you can deliver 
the spell through any weapon you are wielding as part of a melee attack. Instead of the free melee touch 
attack normally allowed to deliver the spell, you can make one free melee attack with your weapon (at 
your highest base attack bonus) as part of casting this spell. If successful, this melee attack deals its nor-
mal damage as well as the effects of the spell. If you make this attack in concert with spell combat, this 
melee attack takes all the penalties accrued by spell combat melee attacks. This attack uses the weapon’s 
critical range (20, 19–20, or 18–20 and modified by the keen weapon property or similar effects), but the 
spell effect only deals ×2 damage on a successful critical hit, while the weapon damage uses its own 
critical modifier. 