

Jamaver Bloodblade 
  

Female human magus 7 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +2; Senses Perception +0 
Languages Common, Goblin, Orc 
DEFENSE 
AC 19, touch 12, flat-footed 17 (+5 armor, +2 Dex, +2 shield) 
hp 65 plus false life (7 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +5, Will +6 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 adamantine gladius +9 (1d6+3/19-20) or 
+1 adamantine gladius +13 (1d6+3/19-20) with Arcane 
Accuracy, or 
+3 adamantine gladius +11 (1d6+5/19-20) with Arcane Pool, or 
+3 adamantine gladius +15 (1d6+5/19-20) with Arcane Pool and 
Arcane Accuracy, or 
Ranged  mithral chakram +8 (1d8+2) 
Special Attacks arcane accuracy +4, arcane pool (7 points, +2 bonus), 
performance combat +11, pool strike (3d6), spell combat, 
spellstrike 
Magus Spells Prepared (CL 7
th; Concentration +11) 
3rd (2/day) – haste, heroism
B 
2nd (4/day) – acid arrow, brow gasherUC, bull’s strength, mirror image 
1
st (5/day) – frostbite
UM, magic missile, shocking grasp, true strike, vanish 
0 (at will) – dancing lights, detect magic, ghost sound, light, prestidigitation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 18 (+4), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 12 (+4) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +7; CMD 19 
Feats Dazzling Display, Dramatic Display
B, Extra Arcana
B (2), Performing Combatant, Weapon Focus (short 
sword) 
Skills Acrobatics +8, Intimidate +14, Knowledge (arcana) +15, Perform (dance) +14, Profession (gladiator) 
+13, Spellcraft +15, Use Magic Device +14 
SQ knowledge pool (4 max), magus arcana (enduring blade, spell blending: heroism), medium armor, spell 
recall 
Combat Gear wand of cure light wounds (12 charges); Other Gear +1 adamantine gladius, +1 glamered 
mithral armored coat, +1 mithral buckler, circlet of persuasion, mithral chakram (5), cloak of resistance 
+1, spellbooks (2) (72 pages), spell component pouch, tender (100sp) 
Spellbook all magus spells of 2nd-level and lower from the Pathfinder Reference Document, plus burst of 
speed
UC, haste, and heroism
B 
Encumbrance light 173 lb., medium 346 lb., heavy 520 lb.; Weight Carried 26 lb. (excluding tender) 
 

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Accuracy (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a swift action to grant yourself an 
insight bonus equal to your Intelligence bonus on all attack rolls until the end of your turn. 
Arcane Pool (Su) You have a reservoir of mystical arcane energy that you can draw upon to fuel your powers 
and enhance your weapon. This arcane pool has a number of points equal to ½ your magus level 
(minimum 1) + your Intelligence modifier. The pool refreshes once each day when you prepare your 
spells. You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a swift action to grant any weapon you are 
holding a +2 enhancement bonus for 1 minute. These bonuses can be added to the weapon, stacking with 
existing weapon enhancement to a maximum of +5. Multiple uses of this ability do not stack with 
themselves. These bonuses can be used to add any of the following weapon properties: dancing, flaming, 
flaming burst, frost, icy burst, keen, shock, shocking burst, speed, or vorpal. Adding these properties 
consumes an amount of bonus equal to the property’s cost. These properties are added to any the 
weapon already has, but duplicates do not stack. If the weapon is not magical, at least a +1 enhancement 
bonus must be added before any other properties can be added. These bonuses and properties are 
decided when the arcane pool point is spent and cannot be changed until the next time you use this 
ability. These bonuses do not function if the weapon is wielded by anyone other than you. You can only 
enhance one weapon in this way at one time. If you use this ability again, the first use immediately ends. 
Enduring Blade (Su) Whenever you enchant your weapon using your arcane pool, you may spend 1 additional 
point from your arcane pool to increase the duration to 1 minute per magus level. 
Knowledge Pool (Su) When you prepare your magus spells, you can decide to expend 1 or more points from 
your arcane pool, up to your Intelligence bonus. For each point you expend, you can treat any one spell 
from the magus spell list as if it were in your spellbook and can prepare that spell as normal that day. If 
you do not cast spells prepared in this way before the next time you prepares spells, you loses those 
spells. You can also cast spells added in this way using you pool spell ability, but only until you prepare 
spells again. 
Medium Armor (Ex) You can cast magus spells while wearing light or medium armor without incurring the 
normal arcane spell failure chance. Like any other arcane spellcaster, when using a shield or wearing 
heavy armor you incur a chance of arcane spell failure if the spell in question has a somatic component. 
Pool Strike (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a standard action to charge your free hand 
with energy. You can make a melee touch attack with that hand as a free action as part of activating this 
ability. If the touch attack hits, it releases the charge and deals 2d6 points of energy damage (acid, cold, 
electricity, or fire, chosen when you spend the arcane pool point to activate this ability). You can use 
this ability with the spellstrike class feature. If you miss with this attack, you can hold the charge for up 
to 1 minute before it dissipates. At 6th level, and every three levels thereafter, the amount of damage 
dealt by this attack increases by 1d6. 
Spell Blending (Ex) You treat one or more wizard spells (shown above) as magus spells. You know them for 
free. 
Spell Recall (Su) With a swift action you can recall any single magus spell that you have already prepared and 
cast that day by expending a number of points from your arcane pool equal to the spell’s level 
(minimum 1). The spell is prepared again, just as if it had not been cast. 
Spellstrike (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with a range of “touch” from the magus spell list, you can deliver 
the spell through any weapon you are wielding as part of a melee attack. Instead of the free melee touch 
attack normally allowed to deliver the spell, you can make one free melee attack with your weapon (at 
your highest base attack bonus) as part of casting this spell. If successful, this melee attack deals its 
normal damage as well as the effects of the spell. If you make this attack in concert with spell combat, 
this melee attack takes all the penalties accrued by spell combat melee attacks. This attack uses the 
weapon’s critical range (20, 19–20, or 18–20 and modified by the keen weapon property or similar 
effects), but the spell effect only deals ×2 damage on a successful critical hit, while the weapon damage 
uses its own critical modifier. 
 