

Jobe the Lesser 
“Have you heard what is being said about me? Apparently, ‘when 
Jobe speaks, gold falls from his mouth to fill his pockets!’ 
Ridiculous I say! My words make diamonds, not mere gold.” 
 
Jobe could have been a great noble, but felt it required too much 
work and was tediously boring. Instead, he uses his natural talents 
for trickery  and altering his appearance to  acquire money  and 
shelter—and  get company for his bed. He isn’t inherently 
malicious, but feels no remorse for conning the rich and gullible. 
Ultimately  a self-serving  coward whose  greed drives him to 
adventure, Jobe  is  a master  scoundrel and jack-of-all-trades 
specializing in elaborate cons—which typically  end up with him 
owning large portions of land and other forms of wealth.  He 
disdains physical violence and often manipulates others into doing 
his dirty work for him  when violence becomes necessary. His 
serpent’s tongue never slips from behind his teeth unless there is 
something to gain for his words. 
 
Hoping to get out from under the shadow of his father, a Chelaxian 
noble by the name of Jobe the Greater, Jobe the Lesser ran away 
from home at an early age and largely grew up on the streets surrounded by other criminals and scoundrels. It 
was there that he learned how to survive as a conman. While young, Jobe would play the part of a pitiable youth 
with potential, often playing it up for and ingratiating himself with noble families, often convincing them to adopt 
him or to accept him as an apprentice or servant. Regardless of how he got into their good graces, it almost always 
ended the same: with broken hearts and heavy pockets. 
 
Now that he is an adult, Jobe travels the world; keeping on the move, both to keep safe from those who would 
seek retaliation for his deceptions, and also to seek out his next gullible mark or big score. No longer the “innocent 
child” he used to be, he is now forced to rely on true charm and forged documentation to make a living. His many 
schemes in various cities have given him valuable information on high and low society, including the means to 
infiltrate exclusive parties or find the secret ins and outs of castles and mansions. Now a valuable and dangerous 
member of royal courts and secret societies as a result, Jobe has become quite skilled at using subtle lies and 
disguises to turn enemies against each other. Using his talents—and a little help from his quickchange cloak—he 
can infiltrate and spy upon any guild, government, or noble household. 
 
Though Jobe is well known in the criminal underworld, he is rarely spoken of in anything louder than a hushed 
whisper. Most authorities, on the other hand, remain totally ignorant of his activities or identity. The last detective 
who came close to exposing Jobe as the fraud that he was, now rots away in a debtors’ prison, having been forced 
to surrender  all of his assets to  one  “honorable Judge Jobe”  after  finding himself  suddenly unable to pay off 
outstanding debts he didn’t know he had. Of those few who remain aware of Jobe’s true trade, there are fewer 
still who wish to repeat the former detective’s mistake and likewise be made an example of. 
 
As a traveling conman, Jobe falls in with all sorts of people and so it is no surprise that he sometimes finds his 
way into an adventuring party looking to score big. Though he is loath to put his life at risk on the front lines, 
Jobe might attempt anything at all if there is enough end-game wealth to tempt him. 
   

Jobe the Lesser 
Male human unchained rogue 10 (spy) 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses Perception +15 
Languages Aklo, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnoll, Gnome, Halfling, Hallit, 
Kelish, Orc, Osiriani, Skald, Taldane (Common), Tien, 
Undercommon, Varisian, Vudrani 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 14, flat-footed 16 (+6 armor, +4 Dex) 
hp 86 (10 HD) 
Fort +5, Ref +11, Will +5; +2 vs. compulsions to tell the truth 
Defensive Abilities evasion, improved uncanny dodge; Immune magical 
effects that detect lies 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), 20 ft. with backpack 
Melee sword of subtlety +12/+7 (1d6+5 plus poison/19-20) or 
sword of subtlety +16/+11 (6d6+9 plus poison/19-20) with Sneak Attack 
Ranged +1 shortbow +12/+7 (1d6+1 plus poison/×3) 
Special Attacks debilitating injury, finesse training (short sword), poison use, sneak attack +5d6 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 18 (+4) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +7 (+12 with sword of subtlety); CMD 21 
Feats Deceitful, Extra Rogue Talent (2), Persuasive, Skill Focus (bluff
B, linguisticsB), Voice of the Sibyl, 
Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Bluff +34 (+42 to lie), Diplomacy +28 (+30 vs. city officials), Disguise +23, Escape Artist +17, 
Intimidate +23, Linguistics +21 (+23 to create forgeries, +26 to detect forgeries), Perception +15 (+19 to 
eavesdrop or find hidden things, +20 to notice invisibility), Perform (oratory) +7, Sense Motive +15, 
Sleight of Hand +17 (+21 to conceal weapons), Stealth +22; Check Penalty –3 (not included); Racial 
Bonuses +2 Bluff and Diplomacy 
SQ focused study, rogue’s edge (bluff, diplomacy, disguise, perception), rogue talents (black market 
connections, canny observer, certainty, coax information, cutting edge, rumormonger, skill mastery, 
underhanded), silver tongued, skilled liar 
Combat Gear arrows (20), giant wasp poison (3); Other Gear +1 shortbow, +2 shadow mithral shirt, 
beguiling bangles, belt of agile dexterity +2, blue book, book of letters, chronicler’s kit, forged 
documents (see below), headband of alluring charisma +2, infiltration kit, masterwork backpack, 
quickchange cloak, ring of eloquence, sleeves of many garments, spectacles of understanding, sword of 
subtlety (concealed, DC 43), tender (99gp), traveler’s any-tool 
Encumbrance light 38 lb., medium 76 lb., heavy 115 lb.; Weight Carried 50 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Black Market Connections (Ex) You treat every settlement as one size greater for the purpose of determining 
the gp limit of the base value of items for sale, as well as the number of minor, medium, and major 
magic items for sale in the settlement. If the settlement is already a metropolis, all minor and medium 
magic items are for sale, as well as 3d8 major magic items. With a successful Diplomacy check, you can 
treat the settlement as two sizes larger. If the settlement is already a metropolis and you succeed at the 
check, all magic items are for sale. If the settlement is already a large city and you succeed at the check, 
all minor and medium magic items are for sale, as well as 3d8 major magic items. With a successful 
check, you can also sell stolen items on the black market. If the check fails by 5 or more, you do 
something to spook the market, and treat the city as normal for 1 week. Furthermore, those in control of 
the black market may alert the authorities to your presence in an act of reprisal for spooking the market 
or to divert attention away from their illicit activities. The DCs of the checks are by settlement size and 

are as follows: thorp 10, hamlet 12, village 15, small town 18, large town 20, small city 25, large city 30 
and metropolis 35. 
Canny Observer (Ex) When you make a Perception check to hear the details of a conversation or to find 
concealed or secret objects (including doors and traps), you gain a +4 bonus. 
Certainty (Ex) Twice per day, you can reroll a Diplomacy check you just made and take the better result. 
Coax Information (Ex) You can use Bluff or Diplomacy in place of Intimidate to force an opponent to act 
friendly toward you. When the duration of the attitude shift ends, that opponents’ attitude toward you 
returns to its previous level, rather than dropping one level. 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 
Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty to AC. The target takes an 
additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls. In addition, the target takes an additional 
–2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 
a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, whenever you make a successful 
melee attack with a dagger, you add your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the 
damage roll. If any effect would prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you 
do not add your Dexterity modifier. 
Improved Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You cannot be caught flat-footed, nor do you lose your Dexterity bonus to AC 
if the attacker is invisible. You still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. You can still lose 
your Dexterity bonus to AC if an opponent successfully uses the feint action against you. Additionally, 
you can no longer be flanked. This defense denies another rogue the ability to sneak attack you by 
flanking you, unless the attacker has at least four more rogue levels than you do. 
Poison Use (Ex) You cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying poison to a blade. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Bluff: You take no penalty to Bluff a creature after a failed check unless you failed by 5 or more. 
Diplomacy: The time required to influence a creature’s attitude or gather information is halved. 
Additionally, you can attempt to adjust a creature’s attitude in 1 round by taking a –10 penalty. If you 
take 1 minute to adjust a creature’s attitude, add your Charisma bonus to the number of hours that 
attitude change persists. 
Disguise: You can create a disguise in 1d3 rounds. If you take the full normal amount of time to 
create your disguise, you take no penalty for disguising your gender, race, or age category. 
Perception: You remain alert to sounds even in your sleep, and the normal DC increase to 
Perception checks when you are sleeping is halved. The distance modifier on the DC of Perception 
checks you attempt is reduced to +1 per 30 feet. In addition, you gain a +5 bonus on Perception checks 
to notice or locate an invisible creature or object. 
Rumormonger (Ex) You can attempt to spread a rumor though a small town or larger settlement by making a 
Bluff check. You can do so a number of times per week equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum 0). 
The DC is based on the size of the settlement, and it takes a week for the rumor to propagate through the 

settlement. If the check succeeds, the rumor is practically accepted as fact within the community; 
succeeding by 5 or more over the DC decreases the time it takes the rumor to propagate by 1d4 days. A 
failed check means the rumor failed to gain traction, while failing by 5 or more causes the opposite of 
the rumor or some other competing theory involving the rumor’s subject to take hold. The DCs are as 
follows: Small town 18, large town 20, small city 25, large city 30 and metropolis 35. 
Silver Tongued You gain a +2 bonus on Diplomacy and Bluff checks. In addition, when you use Diplomacy to 
shift a creature’s attitude, you can shift up to three steps up rather than just two. 
Skill Mastery When making a skill check with Escape Artist, Sleight of Hand, Stealth, or any of the skills 
selected through the rogue’s edge class feature, you can take 10 even if stress and distractions would 
normally prevent you from doing so. 
Skilled Liar (Ex) Whenever you use Bluff to attempt to deceive someone, you gain a bonus on the opposed roll 
equal to ½ your rogue level (minimum +1). This bonus does not apply to feint attempts or attempts to 
pass secret messages. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 5d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Underhanded (Ex) You gain a +4 circumstance bonus on all Sleight of Hand checks made to conceal a 
weapon. Furthermore, if you make a sneak attack during the surprise round using a concealed weapon 
that your opponent didn’t know about, you do not have to roll sneak attack damage, and the sneak attack 
deals maximum damage. You can only use the underhanded talent a number of times per day equal to 
your Charisma modifier (minimum 0). 
 
FORGED DOCUMENTS 
Jobe often carries a large number of forged documents upon his person at any given time. The ones shown 
below are simply the ones that he always carries on his person. He will change the names, organizations, and 
other minor details of the documents to better fit whatever region he happens to be traveling through. All 
documents require a DC 43 Linguistics check to spot as forgeries. 
False Identification Papers: These identification papers are made from relatively cheap, but durable 
parchment. They appear as though they were created through some kind of printing press. Jobe very rarely 
reveals his real name or identity to anyone. Thus he has no less than three sets of identification papers 
identifying him as a bounty hunter currently working for local law enforcement, a simple merchant traveling 
through town to sell his wares, or a noble in service to the king. All of these identification papers have 
supporting documents (such as business ledgers, military orders, or royal letters). 
Letter of Marque: A letter from the mayor (or other leader of the town), this paper letter presumably grants 
Jobe the Lesser (or one of his personas) the lawful right to loot any local abandoned dungeon, graveyard, ship, 
temple, tomb, or other dwelling place not otherwise currently occupied by living, sentient creatures. It also 
grants him the exclusive right to sell any such ill–gotten gains once procured. 
Personal Letter from the King: This finely made handwritten paper letter (complete with royal seal) is 
carried in an extremely fancy envelope and is presumably written by the king (or other local ruler) himself. It 
authorizes Jobe the Lesser (or one of his personas) to break the law if such an action would be in service to the 
royal family and would not severely disrupt the order of the nation. It also entails harsh punishments to any who 
would delay or otherwise hinder Jobe during his royal duties (such “impediments” include but are not limited to 
arrest and/or lawful detainment). 