

Jobe the Lesser 
“Have you heard what is being said about me? Apparently, ‘when 
Jobe speaks, gold falls from his mouth to fill his pockets!’ 
Ridiculous I say! My words make diamonds, not mere gold.” 
 
Jobe could have been a great noble, but felt it required too much 
work and was tediously boring. Instead, he uses his natural talents 
for trickery  and altering his appearance to  acquire money  and 
shelter—and  get company for his bed. He isn’t inherently 
malicious, but feels no remorse for conning the rich and gullible. 
Ultimately  a self-serving  coward whose  greed drives him to 
adventure, Jobe  is  a master  scoundrel and jack-of-all-trades 
specializing in elaborate cons—which typically  end up with him 
owning large portions of land and other forms of wealth.  He 
disdains physical violence and often manipulates others into doing 
his dirty work for him  when violence becomes necessary. His 
serpent’s tongue never slips from behind his teeth unless there is 
something to gain for his words. 
 
Hoping to get out from under the shadow of his father, a Chelaxian 
noble by the name of Jobe the Greater, Jobe the Lesser ran away 
from home at an early age and largely grew up on the streets surrounded by other criminals and scoundrels. It 
was there that he learned how to survive as a conman. While young, Jobe would play the part of a pitiable youth 
with potential, often playing it up for and ingratiating himself with noble families, often convincing them to adopt 
him or to accept him as an apprentice or servant. Regardless of how he got into their good graces, it almost always 
ended the same: with broken hearts and heavy pockets. 
 
Now that he is an adult, Jobe travels the world; keeping on the move, both to keep safe from those who would 
seek retaliation for his deceptions, and also to seek out his next gullible mark or big score. No longer the “innocent 
child” he used to be, he is now forced to rely on true charm and forged documentation to make a living. His many 
schemes in various cities have given him valuable information on high and low society, including the means to 
infiltrate exclusive parties or find the secret ins and outs of castles and mansions. Now a valuable and dangerous 
member of royal courts and secret societies as a result, Jobe has become quite skilled at using subtle lies and 
disguises to turn enemies against each other. Using his talents—and a little help from his quickchange cloak—he 
can infiltrate and spy upon any guild, government, or noble household. 
 
Though Jobe is well known in the criminal underworld, he is rarely spoken of in anything louder than a hushed 
whisper. Most authorities, on the other hand, remain totally ignorant of his activities or identity. The last detective 
who came close to exposing Jobe as the fraud that he was, now rots away in a debtors’ prison, having been forced 
to surrender  all of his assets to  one  “honorable Judge Jobe”  after  finding himself  suddenly unable to pay off 
outstanding debts he didn’t know he had. Of those few who remain aware of Jobe’s true trade, there are fewer 
still who wish to repeat the former detective’s mistake and likewise be made an example of. 
 
As a traveling conman, Jobe falls in with all sorts of people and so it is no surprise that he sometimes finds his 
way into an adventuring party looking to score big. Though he is loath to put his life at risk on the front lines, 
Jobe might attempt anything at all if there is enough end-game wealth to tempt him. 
   

Jobe the Lesser 
Male human unchained rogue 10 (phantom thief) 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +4 (+8 in social surprises); Senses Perception +20 
Languages comprehend languages (writing only); Aklo, Dwarven, Elven, 
Giant, Gnoll, Gnome, Halfling, Hallit, Iobarian, Kelish, Orc, Osiriani, 
Polyglot, Shoanti, Skald, Taldane (Common), Tien (Common), 
Undercommon, Varisian, Vudrani; Includes three additional languages 
from retraining 
DEFENSE 
AC 21, touch 15, flat-footed 17 (+6 armor, +1 deflection, +4 Dex) 
hp 86 (10 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +14, Will +8; +2 vs. compulsions to tell the truth 
Defensive Abilities evasion, improved uncanny dodge; Immune magical 
effects that detect lies 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), 20 ft. with backpack 
Melee +1 short sword +12/+7 (1d6+5/19-20) 
Ranged +1 shortbow +12/+7 (1d6+1/×3) 
Special Attacks finesse training (short sword) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 18 (+4) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +7 (+11 with +1 short sword); CMD 22 
Feats Deceitful, Extra Rogue Talent (2), Persuasive, Skill Focus (bluff
B, linguisticsB), Voice of the Sibyl, 
Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Bluff +39 (+42 to lie, +43 to surprise a foe, +49 to appear innocent within area of renown), Diplomacy 
+33 (+35 vs. city officials), Disguise +28, Escape Artist +17, Intimidate +23, Linguistics +21 (+23 to 
create forgeries, +26 to detect forgeries), Perception +20 (+22 to notice written magical traps, +25 to 
notice invisibility), Perform (oratory) +7, Sense Motive +20 (+24 to avoid surprise), Sleight of Hand 
+17, Stealth +22; Check Penalty –3 (not included); Racial Bonuses +2 Bluff and Diplomacy 
SQ broad education, focused study, refined education (bluff, diplomacy, disguise, perception, sense 
motive), rogue’s edge (bluff, diplomacy, disguise, intimidate, linguistics, perception, sense motive), 
rogue talents (certainty, coax information, cutting edge, rumormonger, skill mastery), silver tongued, 
social sense +4, social talents (feign innocence, mockingbird, renown) 
Combat Gear durable arrows (20); Other Gear +1 shortbow, +1 short sword (concealed, DC 39), +2 shadow 
mithral shirt, beguiling bangles, belt of agile dexterity +2, blue book, book of letters, chronicler’s kit, 
forged documents (see below), handy haversack, headband of alluring charisma +2, infiltration kit, 
pathfinder pouch, quickchange cloak (doubles as a cloak of resistance +3), ring of eloquence, ring of 
protection +1, sleeves of many garments, spectacles of understanding, tender (10gp), traveler’s any-tool 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 29 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Broad Education (Ex) You can select the combat trick, minor magic, and major magic rogue talents as many 
times as you like, and you can select the Skill Focus feat as a rogue talent, also as many times as you 
like. Finally, you can select a vigilante social talent instead of a rogue talent, except for social grace and 
vigilante social talents that would require her to be a craftsman or professional. For the purpose of 
vigilante social talents, you do not have a vigilante identity and are always considered to be in your 
social identity. 
Certainty (Ex) Twice per day, you can reroll a Diplomacy check you just made and take the better result. 

Coax Information (Ex) You can use Bluff or Diplomacy in place of Intimidate to force an opponent to act 
friendly toward you. When the duration of the attitude shift ends, that opponents’ attitude toward you 
returns to its previous level, rather than dropping one level. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Feign Innocence (Ex) You seem so innocent that it is hard for others to believe that you could be involved in 
any wrongdoing. Within your area of renown, this provides a nonmagical effect identical to the 
innocenceAPG spell. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, whenever you make a successful 
melee attack with a short sword, you add your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to 
the damage roll. If any effect would prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, 
you do not add your Dexterity modifier. 
Improved Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You cannot be caught flat-footed, nor do you lose your Dexterity bonus to AC 
if the attacker is invisible. You still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. You can still lose 
your Dexterity bonus to AC if an opponent successfully uses the feint action against you. Additionally, 
you can no longer be flanked. This defense denies another rogue the ability to sneak attack you by 
flanking you, unless the attacker has at least four more rogue levels than you do. 
Mockingbird (Ex) You can mimic almost any sort of voice, or even animal calls and sound effects, and you 
can throw your voice at a distance. This functions similarly to a combination of the ghost sound, 
ventriloquism, and vocal alteration
UM spells. 
Refined Education (Ex) You add Handle Animal, Heal, Ride, Spellcraft, Survival, and all Knowledge skills to 
your list of class skills. Furthermore, you add half your rogue level on all skill checks using the skills 
noted in parenthesis above. Additionally, you gain rogue’s edge skill unlocks with each of these skills 
rather than selecting one skill every 5 levels, and you add half your rogue level to your number of ranks 
to determine when you receive a skill unlock. 
Renown (Ex) You can spend 1 week gaining renown among the locals of any community of no more than 
about 200 individuals (a village, if using settlement population ranges on page 203 of the GameMastery 
Guide). This could be the entire community or a smaller neighborhood in a larger settlement. You must 
spend at least 4 hours each day socializing and making contacts. After spending 1 week doing this, all 
NPCs in the community have a starting attitude toward you that is one category better, as long as each 
person’s initial attitude would have at least been indifferent. You can hold renown in a limited number 
of communities (normally one, with other social talents allowing two). If you gain renown in a new 
community, you must decide which one of your previous communities to lose. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Bluff: You take no penalty to Bluff a creature after a failed check unless you failed by 5 or more and 
creatures magically attempting to read your thoughts, detect your alignment, or reveal when you are 
lying must attempt a caster level check (DC = 11 + your ranks in Bluff) or the effect reveals nothing. 
Diplomacy: The time required to gather information is halved. Alternatively, you can gather 
information in 10 minutes by accepting a –5 penalty. Additionally, you can attempt to adjust a creature’s 
attitude in 1 round. If you take 1 minute to adjust a creature’s attitude, however, add your Charisma 
bonus to the number of hours that attitude change persists, and the duration of the resulting change is 
measured in days, not hours. 
Disguise: You can create a disguise as a full-round action. If you take the full normal amount of time 
to create your disguise, you take no penalty for disguising your gender, race, or age category. 
Intimidate: If you exceed the DC to demoralize a target by at least 10, it is panicked for 1 round or 
frightened for 1d4 rounds (your choice) and shaken thereafter. A Will save (DC = 10 + your number of 
ranks in Intimidate) negates the panicked or frightened condition, but the target is still shaken, even if it 
has the stalwart ability. The total duration of the fear effects cannot exceed 1 round plus 1 round for 
every 5 by which you exceed the DC. 

Linguistics: You can use Linguistics instead of Sense Motive to intercept and interpret secret 
messages (as the Bluff skill). You gain a +2 insight bonus on Perception and Disable Device checks to 
detect or disarm written magical traps. If you succeed at a Linguistics check by at least 10 when 
examining writing, you can learn the precise meaning rather than general content, and you never draw 
false conclusions on a failed check. A successful DC 30 Linguistics check reveals the general meaning 
of speech, a successful DC 35 check reveals 1d4 pieces of specific information, and a successful DC 40 
check reveals exact meaning. 
Perception: You remain alert to sounds even in your sleep, and the normal DC increase to 
Perception checks when you are sleeping does not apply to you. The distance modifier on the DC of 
Perception checks you attempt is reduced to +1 per 40 feet. In addition, you gain a +5 bonus on 
Perception checks to notice or locate an invisible creature or object. 
Sense Motive: If you were aware of an opponent before rolling initiative (such as when you ambush 
an enemy or negotiations break down into combat, but not when both sides happen upon each other or 
you are surprised), you can attempt a Sense Motive check as part of your initiative check (DC = 11 + the 
highest Bluff modifier among your opponents or DC 15, whichever is higher). If you succeed, you gain 
a +1 bonus on the initiative check, plus an additional +1 for every 5 by which you exceeded the DC. In 
addition, after 1 round of conversation, you can read a creature’s surface thoughts (as detect thoughts) 
by attempting a Sense Motive check at a –20 penalty opposed by the creature’s Bluff check. Finally, 
when attacked, you can attempt a Sense Motive check as an immediate action opposed by your target’s 
attack roll. A successful check grants a +2 insight bonus to your AC against attacks from that specific 
opponent for 1 minute. 
Rumormonger (Ex) You can attempt to spread a rumor though a small town or larger settlement by making a 
Bluff check. You can do so a number of times per week equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum 0). 
The DC is based on the size of the settlement, and it takes a week for the rumor to propagate through the 
settlement. If the check succeeds, the rumor is practically accepted as fact within the community; 
succeeding by 5 or more over the DC decreases the time it takes the rumor to propagate by 1d4 days. A 
failed check means the rumor failed to gain traction, while failing by 5 or more causes the opposite of 
the rumor or some other competing theory involving the rumor’s subject to take hold. The DCs are as 
follows: Small town 18, large town 20, small city 25, large city 30 and metropolis 35. 
Silver Tongued You gain a +2 bonus on Diplomacy and Bluff checks. In addition, when you use Diplomacy to 
shift a creature’s attitude, you can shift up to three steps up rather than just two. 
Skill Mastery When making a skill check with Escape Artist, Sleight of Hand, Stealth, or any of the skills 
selected through the rogue’s edge class feature, you can take 10 even if stress and distractions would 
normally prevent you from doing so. 
Social Sense (Ex) You receive a +4 bonus on Sense Motive checks to avoid being surprised by a foe, on Bluff 
checks to surprise a foe, and on initiative checks for surprise rounds that involve Bluff and Sense Motive 
checks to determine surprise. 
 
FORGED DOCUMENTS 
Jobe often carries a large number of forged documents upon his person at any given time (generally hidden in 
his Pathfinder pouch). The ones shown below are simply the ones that he always carries on his person. He 
frequently changes the names, organizations, and other minor details of the documents to better fit whatever 
region he happens to be traveling through. All documents require a DC 43 Linguistics check to spot as 
forgeries. 
False Identification Papers: These identification papers are made from relatively cheap, but durable 
parchment. They appear as though they were created through some kind of printing press. Jobe very rarely 
reveals his real name or identity to anyone. Thus he has no less than three sets of identification papers 
identifying him as a bounty hunter currently working for local law enforcement, a simple merchant traveling 
through town to sell his wares, or a noble in service to the king. All of these identification papers have 
supporting documents (such as business ledgers, military orders, or royal letters). 
Letter of Marque: A letter from the mayor (or other leader of the town), this paper letter presumably grants 
Jobe the Lesser (or one of his personas) the lawful right to loot any local abandoned dungeon, graveyard, ship, 

temple, tomb, or other dwelling place not otherwise currently occupied by living, sentient creatures. It also 
grants him the exclusive right to sell any such ill–gotten gains once procured. 
Personal Letter from the King: This finely made handwritten paper letter (complete with royal seal) is 
carried in an extremely fancy envelope and is presumably written by the king (or other local ruler) himself. It 
authorizes Jobe the Lesser (or one of his personas) to break the law if such an action would be in service to the 
royal family and would not severely disrupt the order of the nation. It also entails harsh punishments to any who 
would delay or otherwise hinder Jobe during his royal duties (such “impediments” include but are not limited to 
arrest and/or lawful detainment). 