

Jorkane al-Lowell Hedessa Bekhzadi Hanpa  
“I am Jorkane the Sun Seeker, son of Lowell, descendant of Hedessa, 
partner to the Bekhzadi merchant house, and proud citizen of the humble 
town of Hanpa.” 
 
Jorkane al-Lowell is a powerful Qadiran merchant who leveraged his 
status as a descendant of Hedessa to curry favor with members of the 
powerful Bekhzadi merchant house, which would later allow him to rise to 
partner and trade prince within that organization through his own merits. 
He is also a powerful solar sorcerer widely feared for his fiery sun powers 
as well as a proven sage and faculty member at the Imperial School of 
Business in Katheer. Though he chiefly follows Abadar and holds no 
official religious titles, Jorkane is so well-respected within the Sarenite 
faith for his sun powers and for previous services rendered, that a high 
priest and regional leader once gifted him with a sun crystal, a magically 
hardened, glowing crystal orb that is anathema to creatures of death and 
shadow. 
 
Though Jorkane possesses a keen intellect and a talent for social 
manipulation—and has acquired much academic, mercantile, and social 
success with those skills as a result—he nevertheless remains rather naïve 
and gullible next to his compatriots in business. These faults have prevented him from further rising within the 
hierarchy of Qadiran society for several decades. Just as Jorkane has learned to use his heritage and his many 
talented skills to his advantage, so too have his business partners long ago learned to take advantage of 
Jorkane’s all-too-trusting nature. 
 
Ever full of ambition and growing increasingly distraught at his recent setbacks, Jorkane has decided to strike 
out into the wider world to broaden his horizons. He now travels from one exotic land to the next, seeking out 
adventures and grand experiences in the hopes of one day finding “The Brightness”—an abstract form of elven 
enlightenment. He believes that once he has found and experienced this enlightenment experience, he will then 
be able to return to Qadira with the tools necessary to obtain even greater wealth and power. 
 
Once Jorkane obtains his goals, he intends to utilize his newfound wealth and power to raise his hometown of 
Hanpa into a great city rivaling that of any metropolis in the East. Short on funds after his recent business 
betrayals, Jorkane opted to take out a 50,000gp interest-free loan from the Bekhzadi merchant house to fund his 
expedition of self-discovery prior to fleeing Qadira—a ticking clock that constantly looms over him like an 
ever-present shadow. Should he not return the money within one year, his failures will be absolute and 
everlasting, the shame and disgrace such that he will never again be able to return to his homeland. 
   

Jorkane al-Lowell Hedessa Bekhzadi Hanpa 
Male elf sorcerer 9 
NG Medium humanoid (elf) 
Init +4; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +14 
Languages Celestial, Common (Taldane), Draconic, Elven, Gnome, Ignan, Kelish, 
Osiriani, Sylvan, Tien, Vudrani; retrained for 5 bonus languages 
DEFENSE 
AC 19, touch 14, flat-footed 15 (+5 armor, +4 Dex); mage armor 
hp 69 (9 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +11, Will +9; +5 vs. mind-affecting effects 
Defensive Abilities sunsight; Immune light-based blindness and dazzle 
effects; Resist fire 20; SR 18 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee sun crystal cane +3 (1d8–2) 
Ranged touch spell +8 touch (by spell) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 10th; Concentration +18) 
At-will – light
‡ 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 9
th, CL 10
th with fireball or light spells, CL 11
th to overcome SR, or CL 12th to 
overcome SR with fireball or light spells; Concentration +17) 
4th  (5/day) – greater flaming sphere
ACG †, shield of the dawnflower
ISG B †‡, wandering star motesAPG ‡ 
3rd  (7/day) – daylight
B ‡, fireball†, fly, heatstroke
SLC † 
2nd (7/day) – burst of radiance
CoP ‡, continual flame
M ‡, fury of the sunARG B †, mirage (as mirror 
image), scorching ray
†, see invisibility
B 
1st  (8/day) – burning hands
†, mage armor, magic missile
B, mountB, searing lightB ‡, shield, snapdragon 
fireworksUM †‡ 
0  (at will) – dancing lights‡, detect magic, disrupt undead, flare, prestidigitation, scrivener’s 
chantSoS, sparkAPG, touch of fatigue 
Bloodline Solar; Key † fire spell, ‡ light spell 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 7 (–2), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 18 (+4), Wis 8 (–1), Cha 20 (+8) 
Base Atk +4; CMB +2; CMD 16 
Feats AlertnessB, Cunning, Dazing Spell, Eschew Materials
B, Solar Spell, Steadfast Personality, Toughness 
Skills Appraise +20 (+22 in Katheer), Bluff +22 (+24 in Katheer), Diplomacy +22 (+24 in Katheer, +29 vs. 
members of the Imperial School of Business, +31 with both), Intimidate +20, Knowledge (arcana) +12, 
Knowledge (local) +11, Knowledge (nature) +8, Knowledge (nobility) +7, Perception +14, Sense 
Motive +7 (+9 in Katheer), Spellcraft +17, Use Magic Device +19 
SQ Bekhzadi partner, bloodline arcana (fire spells deal +1 damage per die), cleansing flame 1d8+9 (2/day), 
darkvision, fey thoughts, full professor, library access, lightbringer, merchant academy member (fame 
50, prestige 28), professor’s assistant, senior student, traits (gifted adept, seeker of brightness) 
Combat Gear wand of cure light wounds (32 charges); Other Gear belt of physical might +2 (dexterity, 
constitution), circlet of persuasion, headband of alluring charisma +2, pages of spell knowledge (magic 
missile, mount, see invisibility), pathfinder pouch, ring of sustenance, ring of the sophisticate, robe of 
the archmagi, sleeves of many garments, sun crystal cane (magically hardened crystal sphere with 
heightened solar continual flame [4
th] effect, set atop a platinum-shod cane, functions as a masterwork 
heavy mace), tender (7gp, 6sp) 
Encumbrance light 23 lb., medium 46 lb., heavy 70 lb.; Weight Carried 13 lb. 1 oz. (excluding tender)   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bekhzadi Partner You have obtained partner status with a powerful merchant house of Qadira. As such, you 
draw a stipend of 1,000gp per month (funded by the house; so far used to support your extravagant cost 
of living), can borrow up to 50,000gp per year at no interest (the amount must be paid back within 1 
year). Once per month you can receive the services of four house guards (human fighter 3; use the 
statistics for a traitorous brigand from page 81 of the Pathfinder RPG NPC Codex) for 24 hours, the 
services of a house emissary who can automatically change the attitude of a ruler or other influential 
NPC from indifferent to friendly or from friendly to helpful, or the services of a house lawyer (who pays 
bail and advises you if you are arrested or charged with a crime). During your rise to partner, your house 
gifted you with two custom magic items, a circlet of persuasion, and a ring of the sophisticate. 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell with the fire descriptor, if it deals damage, it deals +1 point of 
damage per die rolled. 
Business Magnate You gain a +2 bonus on Appraise, Bluff, Diplomacy, and Sense Motive checks—this bonus 
doubles when you are in Katheer. When you sell magical items or other expensive goods in Katheer, 
you earn a bonus from the sale: a percentage equal to your Charisma bonus. 
Cleansing Flame (Su) Twice per day, you can use fire to restore the health of yourself or your allies. As a 
standard action, you can wreathe your hand in a halo of flame and touch yourself or another creature. 
The touch heals 2d8 + your character level points of damage. You can also remove one of the following 
conditions affecting the target: 1d6 points of ability damage, blinded, confused, dazzled, deafened, 
diseased, exhausted, fatigued, nauseated, poisoned, or sickened. 
Fey Thoughts Diplomacy and Knowledge (nature) are always class skills for you. 
Friend of Fire (Su) You gain fire resistance 20. Additionally, when in contact with flame or a burning object 
(including a flaming weapon, lantern, or torch), add 1 per die to any healing effect of which you are the 
target. 
Full Professor You no longer need to pay tuition to the Imperial School of Business. Every time you would 
normally pay tuition, you instead earn that amount of gold as your salary. 
Gifted Adept Whenever you cast fireball, its effects manifest at +1 caster level. 
Library Access You have earned the right to research among the academy’s special collections and secure 
libraries. A day of research grants you a +2 circumstance bonus on any one Knowledge skill check (but 
see Professor’s Assistant below). 
Lightbringer You are immune to light-based blindness and dazzle effects, and are treated as one level higher 
when determining the effects of any light-based spell or effect you cast (including spell-like and 
supernatural abilities). Additionally, you may use light at will as a spell-like ability. 
Professor’s Assistant You are specialized in Knowledge (arcana) and Spellcraft, and can recruit a student to 
aid you in research when you use the academy library, which increases the circumstance bonus you gain 
from library access to +4. 
Seeker of Brightness You gain a +1 trait bonus on Knowledge (arcana) and Perception checks. 
Senior Student You were once a senior student of the Imperial School of Business and may purchase potions, 
scrolls, and wands from Katheer at a 10% discount. 
Shrewd Investor Your studies have taught you to assess financial risk and calibrate your plans with virtuosic 
precision. Appraise is a class skill for you, you gain a +2 bonus on Appraise checks, and you can 
purchase magical items or other expensive goods in Katheer at a 5% discount. 
Sunsight (Su) You gain low-light vision and cannot be dazzled. If you already have low-light vision, you 
instead gain a +4 bonus on saving throws against blindness effects. 