

Jotun, the Frost Child 
“They are distant kindred at best, I do not even speak their tongue.” 
 
Many seasons past, the mothers and fathers of my tribe abandoned me to the 
icy wastes. This is how it is told to me by my ack-lite brothers and sisters, and 
I am not so good with words, so listen closely! I wish not to repeat this sad tale 
more than is needed. 
 
Though I was still a babe, I was very small, smaller than any of the brothers 
and sisters of my tribe, even though many were of the same age as me. While 
I lay out on the cold steppes, I was discovered by Ee-ori, who saw in me not 
the flaws as my kin did, but the perfection that I could one day be. And so it 
was that I was rescued by an Ee-ori monk, who brought me here to my new 
home and would call himself “father” to me. He is gone now, and I have since 
grown, but not old as he did. I am yet young and strong. 
 
The temple’s priests taught me that I am human as they are, at least in part, and that, that is why the frost giants 
set me out to die—they believed I was not strong, could not be strong. The ack-lites here saved me, raised me, 
and taught me to be strong. Even though I was already stronger than most of them from the outset, many ack-lites 
still think there is a long road before me. 
 
I will show them! I will show the frost giants! I will show everybody, even Ee-ori who shall surely test me! I will 
aspire to greatness, perhaps even to perfection as Ee-ori did, but that is not something I feel I can do here trapped 
in this mon-stary under the mountain. I am less good with writing than I am with words, and it saddens me to see 
them all in pain, and that is why I tell you all of this young child, so you can tell my brothers and sisters of the 
temple that I have gone from here. There now, I have healed all of your wounds; do this for me and I will consider 
myself repaid. Please thank them for all they have done for me. For without them, I could not have found the long 
road ahead. 
 
     

Jotun, the Frost Child 
Male human paladin 8 (Iroran Paladin) 
LG Medium humanoid 
Init +2; Senses Perception +1 
Languages Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 14, flat-footed 16 (+6 armor, +2 Cha, +2 Dex) 
hp 79 (8 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +8, Will +11; +2 vs cold climates, or to avoid slipping and falling 
Defensive Abilities divine grace; Immune charm, disease; Resist cold 8 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +14/+9 (1d8+6 plus 2d6 cold) or 
unarmed strike +17/+12 (1d8+9 plus 2d6 cold) with Personal Trial, or 
unarmed strike +11/+6 (1d8+12 plus 2d6 cold) with Power Attack, or 
unarmed strike +14/+9 (1d8+15 plus 2d6 cold) with Personal Trial and Power Attack, or 
+1 large battleaxe +14/+9 (2d6+8/×3) or 
+1 large battleaxe +17/+12 (2d6+11/×3) with Personal Trial, or 
+1 large battleaxe +11/+6 (2d6+17/×3) with Power Attack, or 
+1 large battleaxe +14/+9 (2d6+20/×3) with Personal Trial and Power Attack 
Ranged +1 adaptive composite longbow +11/+6 (1d8+5/×3) or 
+1 adaptive composite longbow +14/+9 (1d8+8/×3) with Personal Trial 
Special Attacks divine body (+2 bonus, 1/day), personal trial 3/day (+3 attack, AC, and saves) 
Paladin Spells Prepared (CL 5
th, Concentration +7) 
2nd (2/day) – bull’s strength, eagle’s splendor 
1st  (2/day) – challenge evilAPG, divine favor  
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 20 (+5), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 8 (–1), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +8; CMB +13; CMD 25 (27 vs. trip) 
Feats Born of Frost, Icy Stare, Improved Unarmed Strike
B, Power Attack, Racial Heritage (frost giant
B), Sure 
on Ice 
Skills Acrobatics +8 (+10 in slippery conditions), Climb +11 (+13 in slippery conditions, +17 on ice); Armor 
Check Penalty –1 
Combat Gear durable arrows (20), potions (enlarge person 10); Other Gear +1 adaptive composite longbow, 
+1 frost amulet of mighty fists, +1 large battleaxe with effortless lace, +2 chain shirt, cloak of 
resistance +2, tender (100sp) 
SQ aura of law (strong), code of conduct, heart of the snows, ki pool (6 points, magic), lay on hands (4d6, 
6/day), mercy (diseased, fatigue), sense perfection 
Encumbrance light 133 lb., medium 266 lb., heavy 400 lb.; Weight Carried 45 lb. 10 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Aura of Excellence (Su) You are immune to any effect that would force you to reroll a die against your will or 
roll twice and take the lower result. Whenever an ally within 10 feet of you would reroll a die against 
their will, they can roll twice and take the higher result. Whenever an ally within 10 feet would be 
forced to roll twice and take the lower result, they can instead roll three times and take the 
second-lowest result. This ability functions only while you are conscious. 
Aura of Law (Ex) You possess a strong aura of law at all times. 
Aura of Resolve (Su) You are immune to charm spells and spell-like abilities. Each ally within 10 feet of you 
gains a +4 morale bonus on saving throws against charm effects. This ability functions only while you 
are conscious, not if you are unconscious or dead. 

Confident Defense (Ex) When wearing light or no armor and not using a shield, you add 1 point of your 
Charisma bonus (if any) per paladin class level to your Dexterity bonus to your Armor Class. If you are 
caught flat-footed or otherwise denied your Dexterity bonus, you also lose this bonus. 
Divine Body (Su) Once per day you may enhance your unarmed strikes as a standard action by calling upon the 
aid of a celestial spirit for 1 minute per paladin level. When called, the spirit causes you to shed light as 
a torch. This spirit grants your unarmed strikes a +2 enhancement bonus. This bonus can be added to the 
weapon, stacking with existing weapon bonuses to a maximum of +5, or they can be used to add any of 
the following weapon properties: axiomatic, brilliant energy, defending, disruption, flaming, flaming 
burst, holy, keen, merciful, and speed. Adding these properties consumes an amount of bonus equal to 
the property’s cost modifier. These bonuses are added to any properties your unarmed strikes already 
have, but duplicate abilities do not stack. If your unarmed strikes are not magical, at least a +1 
enhancement bonus must be added before any other properties can be added. The bonus and properties 
granted by the spirit are determined when the spirit is called and cannot be changed until the spirit is 
called again. 
Divine Grace (Su) You gain a bonus equal to your Charisma bonus on all saving throws (included above). 
Divine Health (Ex) You are immune to all diseases, including supernatural and magical diseases, including 
mummy rot. 
Heart of the Snows You treat cold climates as one category less severe. Additionally, you gain a +2 racial 
bonus on Fortitude saving throws against the effects of cold climates, on any check or saving throw to 
avoid slipping and falling, and to CMD against trip combat maneuvers. This bonus applies on 
Acrobatics and Climb checks made in slippery conditions. 
Ki Pool (Su) You gain a number of ki pool points equal to ½ your paladin level + your Charisma modifier. As 
long as you have at least 1 point in your ki pool, you can make a ki strike. Ki strikes allow your unarmed 
attacks to be treated as magic weapons for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. Your unarmed 
attacks are also treated as cold iron and silver for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. By 
spending 1 point from your ki pool, you can make one additional attack at your highest attack bonus 
when making a flurry of blows attack. In addition, you can spend 1 point to increase your speed by 20 
feet for 1 round. Finally, you can spend 1 point from your ki pool to give yourself a +4 dodge bonus to 
AC for 1 round. Each of these powers is activated as a swift action. The ki pool is replenished each 
morning after 8 hours of rest or meditation; these hours do not need to be consecutive. 
Lay On Hands (Su) You can heal wounds (your own or those of others) by touch. Each day you can use this 
ability a number of times equal to ½ your paladin level plus your Charisma modifier. With one use of 
this ability, you can heal 1d6 hit points of damage for every two paladin levels you possess. Using this 
ability is a standard action, unless you target yourself, in which case it is a swift action. Despite the 
name of this ability, you only need one free hand to use this ability. Alternatively, you can use this 
healing power to deal damage to undead creatures, dealing 1d6 points of damage for every two paladin 
levels you possess. Using lay on hands in this way requires a successful melee touch attack and doesn’t 
provoke an attack of opportunity. Undead do not receive a saving throw against this damage. 
Mercy (Su) When you use your lay on hands ability to heal damage to one target, the target also receives the 
additional effects from all of your mercies (shown below). A mercy can remove a condition caused by a 
curse, disease, or poison without curing the affliction. Such conditions return after 1 hour unless the 
mercy actually removes the affliction that causes the condition. Your mercies allow you to remove the 
following conditions: disease and fatigue. 
Personal Trial (Su) Three times per day, you can declare one target within line of sight as your personal trial as 
a swift action. You gain a +3 insight bonus on attack rolls and damage rolls against that creature, to your 
AC against attacks made by the target, and on saving throws against the target’s spells and special 
abilities. The personal trial effect remains until the target of the trial is dead or the next time you rest and 
regain daily uses of this ability. 
Sense Perfection (Su) At will, you can detect life forces as if you were using a paladin’s detect evil class 
ability; however, instead of sensing evil creatures, you sense creatures that have a ki pool. Each such 
creature has an aura like a cleric of an aligned deity, and treats its current number of ki points as its Hit 
Dice for the purposes of this ability. 