

Krammer 
“BURN! FREEZE!” 
 
Krammer is a fierce kobold alchemist specializing in fire and ice magic. 
He  was  exiled  from  his  clan  after  leading  a  coup  de  tat  against  their 
chieftain. After years of careful planning, Krammer managed to get close 
enough  to  burn  his  chieftain  alive  while  he  slept.  Unfortunately, 
Krammer’s followers betrayed him shortly afterwards in an attempt to take 
control of the clan for themselves. 
 
The  entire  coup  de  tat  was  set  up  by  the  leaders  of  the  nearby  town  of 
Sandpoint who wanted to control the growing menace near their  homes. 
Promises of wealth and power to the clan’s resident alchemist, Krammer, 
was all it took to incite open rebellion. Though Krammer’s ability to take 
control of his clan ultimately failed, the sheer damage his civil war inflicted 
would  ensure  that  his  clan  wouldn’t  rise  to  be  a  significant  threat  to 
Sandpoint for several decades to come. 
 
Krammer, having been betrayed by his own brethren, now continues to work closely with the town leaders as a 
pawn—determined to  get revenge against his former brothers. Though allowed within town limits,  Krammer, 
quite understandably, is not well liked amongst the local populace. 
   

Krammer 
Male kobold alchemist 9 
LE Small humanoid (kobold) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft., light sensitivity; Perception +14 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Gnome, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 21, touch 15, flat-footed 18 (+5 armor, +1 deflection, +3 Dex, +1 
natural, +1 size) 
hp 65 plus false life (9 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +10, Will +4; +6 vs. poison 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee mwk longspear +5/+0 (1d6 /×3) 
Ranged bomb +11/+6 touch (5d6+4 cold or fire, 9 splash) or 
bomb +9/+9/+4 touch (5d6+4 cold or fire, 9 splash) 
Space 5 ft.; Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with longspear) 
Special Attacks bomb (5d6+4, DC 18, 13/day), poison use, swift poisoning, throw anything +5 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 9th) 
3rd  (4/day) – gaseous form, haste, heroism (2) 
2nd (5/day) – barkskin (2), false life, fire breathAPG, invisibility 
1st  (6/day) – ant haulAPG, bomber’s eyeAPG, reduce person, shield (2), true strike 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 16 (+3), Con 12 (+1), Int 18 (+4), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +5; CMD 19 
Feats Brew PotionB, Kobold Sniper, Master Alchemist, Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot, Rapid Shot, Quick 
Draw, Throw Anything
B 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +27, Craft (traps) +18, Disable Device +15, Knowledge (arcana) +16, Knowledge 
(nature) +16, Perception +14, Profession (miner) +2, Sleight of Hand +15, Spellcraft +16, Stealth +19; 
Racial Modifiers +2 Craft (traps), +2 Perception, +2 Profession (miner) 
SQ alchemy, discoveries (explosive bomb, fast bombs, frost bomb, strafe bomb), mutagen, swift alchemy 
Combat Gear alchemist’s fire (20), liquid ice (20); Other Gear +1 mithral shirt, admixture vial, blessed book, 
cloak of resistance +1, formula alembic, hybridization funnel, ring of protection +1, tender (5gp), 
trapmaker’s sack 
Formula Book all 3rd-level and lower extracts from the Advanced Player’s Guide, Core Rulebook, Ultimate 
Combat, and Ultimate Magic 
Encumbrance light 74 lb. 4 oz., medium 148 lb. 8 oz., heavy 225 lb.; Weight Carried 68 lb.; ant haul 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alchemy (Su) When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal to 
your alchemist class level on the Craft (alchemy) check (included above). In addition, you can use Craft 
(alchemy) to identify potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to make 
such a check. You are also capable of creating bombs, extracts, and mutagens (see below). 
Bomb (Su) You can use a number of bombs each day equal to your alchemist class level + your Intelligence 
modifier. Bombs are unstable, and if not used in the round they are created, they degrade and become 
inert—their method of creation prevents large volumes of explosive material from being created and 
stored. Creating and throwing a bomb requires a standard action that provokes an attack of opportunity. 
Thrown bombs have a range of 20 feet and use the Throw Splash Weapon special attack. Bombs are 
considered weapons and can be selected using feats such as Point-Blank Shot and Weapon Focus. On a 
direct hit, your bomb inflicts 1d6 points of fire damage plus additional damage equal to your 
Intelligence modifier (due to the throw anything class ability). The damage of your bomb increases by 
1d6 points at every odd-numbered alchemist level (this bonus damage is not multiplied on a critical hit 

or by using feats such as Vital Strike). Splash damage from an alchemist bomb is always equal to the 
bomb’s minimum damage. Those caught in the splash damage can attempt a Reflex save DC 22 for half 
damage. 
Extracts (Su) You may create and use extracts, essentially spells in the form a drinkable liquid. For the most 
part, extracts follow the rules of both potions and spells. 
Mutagen (Su) You may brew a dose of mutagen in 1 hour, and once brewed, it remains potent until used. You 
can only maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any existing mutagen 
becomes inert. As with an extract or bomb, a mutagen that is not in your possession becomes inert until 
you pick it up again. When you brew a mutagen, you select one physical ability score—Strength, 
Dexterity, or Constitution. It’s a standard action to drink a mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen 
causes you to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you a +2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical 
bonus to the selected ability score for 10 minutes per alchemist level. In addition, while the mutagen is 
in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your mental ability scores. If the mutagen enhances your 
Strength, it applies a penalty to your Intelligence. If it enhances your Dexterity, it applies a penalty to 
your Wisdom. If it enhances your Constitution, it applies a penalty to your Charisma. A non-alchemist 
who drinks your mutagen must make a DC 18 Fortitude save or become nauseated for 1 hour—a non-
alchemist can never gain the benefit of a mutagen, but an alchemist can gain the effects of another 
alchemist’s mutagen if he drinks it. (Although if the other alchemist creates a different mutagen, the 
effects of the “stolen” mutagen immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever 
you drink a mutagen, the effects of any previous mutagen immediately end. 
Poison Use (Ex) You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying 
poison to a weapon. 
Swift Alchemy (Ex) You can create alchemical items with astounding speed. It takes you half the normal 
amount of time to create alchemical items. 
Swift Poisoning (Ex) You can apply a dose of poison to a weapon as a swift action. 
Throw Anything (Ex) You gain the Throw Anything feat as a bonus feat and you add your Intelligence 
modifier to damage done with splash weapons, including the splash damage if any. This bonus damage 
is already included in the bomb class feature (and in the above stats). 