

Dr. Krolmnite 
“I want to be the very best. Like no one ever was. To design them 
will be my real test. To craft them for my cause, I will travel across 
the land, searching far and wide, each secret to understand. The 
power that will be mine. The Krolmnite Golem Workshops are my 
real quest. I know it’s my destiny. I will make them the best, and 
they’ll wreck all the rest!” 
 
Like many lava gnomes, Doctor Krolmnite lived with others of his 
own  kind  in  massive  caverns  underneath  an  active  volcano  and 
shared a great love of all things fire. 
 
Then his home blew up. 
 
The volcanic eruption was so great that it wiped out much of his 
native village and split the cavern ceiling and mountain above them 
wide  open.  Krolmnite  was  one  of  the  lucky  few  to  survive  the 
natural  disaster.  Where  others  were  crushed  under  thousands  of 
tons  of  stone,  Krolmnite  watched  as  thousands  of  tons  of  stone 
opened up and gave way above him, revealing the open sky and 
shining sun to his virgin eyes for the very first time. 
 
Believing  he  had  been  spared  for  a  purpose,  Krolmnite  converted  to  the  worship  of  Sarenrae  soon  after  he 
evacuated the smoking ruin of his home. Nearly all his old patients being deceased, he gave up on his old life as 
a doctor to start again under Sarenrae’s teachings. Whether the potent sorcerer powers over fire and light that he 
would later develop are merely an extension of his lava gnome heritage, or a gift from Sarenrae none can know 
for sure. Nevertheless, Krolmnite believes that she has granted him life and power for great purpose. 
 
In  addition  to  possessing  extensive  medical  knowledge,  Krolmnite  is  also  an  accomplished  engineer  and 
alchemist. Though he is hardly a genius, Dr. Krolmnite is quite arrogant, and works very hard at convincing others 
that he is one. Like most lava gnomes, he is hot-tempered and dangerously unstable (even by the standards of 
other gnomes). Having a few gear gnomes in his family tree, he also happens to share a love of knowledge, of 
inventing  new  things,  and  tinkering  with  old  ones.  Thus,  much  of  his  “dangerous  instability”  ends  up  being 
channeled into the very productive, if reckless, creation of his various inventions and contraptions. He hopes to 
one day start a lucrative franchise of golem workshops that will allow the world to better know his name, and 
now adventures abroad to further realize that dream just as much as he does to spread the good news of Sarenrae. 
   

Dr. Krolmnite 
Male lava gnome sorcerer 11 
CG Small humanoid (gnome) 
Init +2; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +0 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Gnome, Orc, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 17, touch 13, flat-footed 15 (+4 armor, +2 Dex, +1 size); mage armor 
hp 84 (11 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +10, Will +12 
Defensive Abilities defensive training (+4 dodge bonus to AC vs. giants), 
sunsight; Immune dazzled; Resist fire 20 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares) 
Melee produce flame +4 touch (1d6+5 fire) or 
mwk longspear +5 (1d6–1/×3) 
Ranged produce flame +7 touch (1d6+5 fire) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 11th or CL 12th with fire spells; Concentration +16 or +17 with fire spells) 
1/day – dancing lights, flare, prestidigitation, produce flame 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 11th, CL 12th with fire spells; Concentration +16, +17 with fire spells) 
5th  (5/day) – flame strike
B, telekinesis, teleport 
4th  (7/day) – greater make wholeTG, pyrotechnic eruptionHA, shield of dawnB ISG, wall of fire 
3rd  (7/day) – daylightB, disable constructACG, earth tremorUW, fireball, fractions of heal and harmISG 
2nd (7/day) – burning arc
HoG, fury of the sunB ARG, meteoric flight (as raven’s flightHotW, except you turn 
into a flying meteor rather than a raven), pyrotechnics, resist energy, see invisibility 
1st  (8/day) – comprehend languages, endure elements, feather fall, mage armor, searing lightB, shield 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, flare, light, mage hand, mending, message, prestidigitation, 
spark
APG 
Bloodline Solar 
Special Attacks +1 on attack rolls against humanoid creatures of the reptilian and goblinoid subtypes 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 14 (+2), Con 16 (+3), Int 16 (+3), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +3; CMD 15 
Feats Craft Construct, Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Items, Empower SpellB, Eschew 
MaterialsB, Healer’s Hands, Master Alchemist, Signature Skill (heal) 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +21, Heal +20 (+22 with healer’s satchel, +23 to treat poison with antidote kit or to treat 
wounds or deadly wounds with surgeon’s tools, +25 to give first aid, treat wounds, or treat deadly 
wounds with bloodblock), Knowledge (arcana) +11, Knowledge (engineering) +9, Knowledge (planes) 
+14, Spellcraft +17, Stealth +6, Use Magic Device +19; Racial Bonus +2 Craft (alchemy) 
SQ bloodline arcana (fire spells deal +1 damage per die), cleansing flame (2/day), darkvision, obsessive, 
pyromaniac, traits (caretaker, hedge magician), weapon familiarity 
Combat Gear alchemical grease (3), alchemist’s kindness (3), antiplague (6), antitoxin (6), bloodblock (36), 
meditation tea (6), padzahr (3), smelling salts (3), smokesticks (3), soothe syrup (6), sunrods (3), 
surgeon’s tools, tindertwigs (9), twitch tonic (6), vermin repellent (6), wand of magic missile (CL 5th, 25 
charges), wismuth salix (6); Other Gear antidote kit, handy haversack, headband of vast intelligence 
+2 (use magic device), healer’s gloves, healer’s satchel (specialized for treatement), masterwork 
longspear, muleback cords, portable alchemist’s lab, rune-carved alchemical golems with runes of 
shielding (4), tender (32gp), traveler’s any-tool, vest of resistance +5 (as cloak of resistance) 
Encumbrance light 57 lb., medium 114 lb. 12 oz., heavy 172 lb. 8 oz.; Weight Carried 22 lb. 4 oz. (excluding 
tender) 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell with the fire descriptor, if it deals damage, it deals +1 point of 
damage per die rolled. 
Caretaker You gain a +1 trait bonus on Heal checks, and Heal is always a class skill for you. 
Cleansing Flame (Su) Twice per day, as a standard action, you can wreathe your hand in a halo of flame and 
touch yourself or another creature. The touch heals 2d8 + your character level points of damage. You 
can also remove one of the following conditions affecting the target: 1d6 points of ability damage, 
blinded, confused, dazzled, deafened, diseased, exhausted, fatigued, nauseated, poisoned, or sickened. 
Friend of Fire (Su) You gain fire resistance 20. 
Healer’s Hands Eleven times per day you can use the Heal skill to treat deadly wounds as a full-round action. 
You do not take a penalty for not using a healer’s kit when treating deadly wounds this way, and you 
can do so on a given creature more than once per day. When treating deadly wounds this way, if your 
result exceeds the DC by 10 or more, add your ranks in Knowledge (planes) to the damage healed. 
These benefits do not apply to creatures that are not healed by positive energy. 
Hedge Magician Whenever you craft a magic item, you reduce the required gp cost to make the item by 5%. 
Pyromaniac You are treated as one level higher when casting spells with the fire descriptor, using granted 
powers of the Fire domain, using the bloodline powers of the fire elemental bloodline or the revelations 
of the oracle’s flame mystery, and determining the damage of alchemist bombs that deal fire damage 
(this ability does not give you early access to level-based powers; it only affects the powers you could 
use without this ability). You also gain the following spell-like abilities: 1/day—dancing lights, flare, 
prestidigitation, produce flame. The caster level for these effects is equal to your character level; the 
DCs are Charisma-based. 
Skill Unlock: Heal (Ex) When you treat deadly wounds, the target recovers hit points as if it had rested for a 
full day with long-term care. 
Sunsight (Su) You gain low-light vision and cannot be dazzled. If you already have low-light vision, you 
instead gain a +4 bonus on saving throws against blindness effects. 
Weapon Familiarity You treat any weapon with the word “gnome” in its name as a martial weapon. 
 
 
ALCHEMIC REMEDIES FOR ALL KINDS OF MALADIES 
Alchemist’s Kindness Favored by young rakes and other well-to-do inebriates, this crystalline powder 
resembles salt. Mixed with water, it makes a fizzing cocktail that eliminates the effects of a hangover 
within 10 minutes of drinking it. 
Antiplague If you drink a vial of this foul-tasting, milky tonic, you gain a +5 alchemical bonus on Fortitude 
saving throws against disease for the next hour. If already infected, you may also make two saving 
throws (without the +5 bonus) that day and use the better result.  
Antitoxin This substance counteracts a specific toxin. If you drink a vial of antitoxin, you gain a +5 alchemical 
bonus on Fortitude saving throws against poison for 1 hour. 
Bloodblock This gooey, pinkish substance helps treat wounds. Using a dose gives you a +5 alchemical bonus 
on Heal checks for providing first aid, treating wounds made by caltrops or similar objects, or treating 
deadly wounds. A dose of bloodblock ends a bleed effect as if you had made a DC 15 Heal check. When 
treating deadly wounds, using a dose of bloodblock counts as one use of a healer's kit (and grants the +5 
bonus stated above). 
Meditation Tea Drinking this cloudy tea has a soothing effect that clarifies your thoughts. For 10 minutes after 
drinking the tea, you gain a +2 alchemical bonus against mind-affecting effects. If you drink meditation 
tea while suffering from a mind-affecting affect, you may immediately roll another saving throw (with 
the +2 bonus) against the effect; you may gain this particular benefit only once per day. 
Padzahr Drinking this crystal-clear liquid accelerates the natural process of healing Constitution damage. 
Resting for 1 hour after drinking a vial heals you of 1 point of Constitution damage as if you had 
benefited from a full night's rest. Taking multiple doses in an hour does not increase the rate of healing; 

you must take each individually, followed by an hour of rest, for it to have any effect. Using more than 4 
doses of padzahr in 1 day has no effect. 
Smelling Salts These sharply scented gray crystals cause people inhaling them to regain consciousness. 
Smelling salts grant you a new saving throw to resist any spell or effect that has already rendered you 
unconscious or staggered. If exposed to smelling salts while dying, you immediately become conscious 
and staggered, but must still make stabilization checks each round; if you perform any standard action 
(or any other strenuous action), you take 1 point of damage after completing the act and fall unconscious 
again. A container of smelling salts has dozens of uses if stoppered after each use, but depletes in a 
matter of hours if left open. 
Soothe Syrup This sweet and wholesome-tasting blue liquid creates a sense of warmth and comfort. Soothe 
syrup coats your stomach and makes it much more difficult for you to succumb to queasiness. For 1 
hour after drinking soothe syrup, you gain a +5 alchemical bonus on saving throws made to resist effects 
that would make you nauseated or sickened. 
Twitch Tonic This thick syrup is extracted from bitter herbs and enhanced by alchemy to ward against sleep, 
paralysis, and the staggered condition. If you drink twitch tonic, you gain a +2 alchemical bonus on 
saving throws made against these effects for the next hour. If you drink twitch tonic while suffering 
from any of these effects, you may immediately roll another saving throw against the effect (with the +2 
bonus); you may gain this particular benefit only once per day. You can administer twitch tonic to an 
unconscious or paralyzed creature as a full-round action, similar to administering a potion. 
Vermin Repellent This vile-smelling white paste keeps vermin at bay if spread on your skin. Normal-sized 
(Fine) vermin avoid you. Swarms of vermin must make a successful DC 15 Fortitude saving throw in 
order to enter your square. Vermin repellent has no adverse effect on vermin of Small size or larger, 
though if an attacking vermin has a choice of targets that are respectively covered and not covered in 
repellent, it usually chooses the creatures without repellent. Once applied, vermin repellent remains 
effective for 4 hours or until you spend 1 round washing it off. Vermin repellent counts as a strong 
scent, allowing creatures with the scent ability to detect it at a greater range (see the Universal Monster 
Rules in the Bestiary). 
Wismuth Salix This pink liquid has a horrible chalky taste, but is quite effective at counteracting nausea, 
indigestion, and diarrhea. A vial of wismuth salix, taken in small doses during the day, alleviates these 
symptoms. If you drink an entire vial of wismuth salix, for 1 hour you get a +2 alchemical bonus on 
Fortitude saving throws against effects that inflict the nauseated or sickened condition. If you drink a 
vial of it while suffering from the nauseated or sickened condition, you may immediately roll another 
saving throw (with the +2 bonus) against the effect; you may gain this particular benefit only once per 
day. Drinking a vial of wismuth salix (whether over the course of a day or all at once) usually turns your 
tongue black for about a day, though this is a harmless side effect. 