

Kujo the Butcher (aka Kujo the Cannibal)  
“I’m going to flay you alive and use your guts as chum!” 
 
There are few pirates more feared throughout the Inner Sea than 
the one known as Kujo the Butcher. Infamous for his vicious and 
bloody fighting style as well as his excessive cruelty, Kujo revels 
in the violent dismemberment of his foes, never missing a chance 
to  put  on an especially  gruesome display  for enemies and allies 
alike.  Many  are  the  stories  in  which  he  slowly  carved  into  his 
prisoners with his many knives or consumed their flesh in an orgy 
of blood. 
 
Though many a jest and rumor claim that Kujo has shark blood in 
his veins, few outside of his immediate crew are aware of Kujo’s 
heritage as one of the abominable seascarred—distant cousins to 
true weresharks. He is loath to reveal this secret to outsiders and 
is quick to devour anyone who might question him on the matter. 
Kujo has always felt an almost spiritual connection with the ocean 
and, like most seascarred, makes his living on or near the open sea 
(as a pirate in his case, or as a butcher when the need to lay low 
arises). The sea is his god and it constantly demands sacrifice and 
blood-stained waters, and Kujo is all too happy to oblige. 
 
Nearly as famous as Kujo himself, is the giant hooked axe he always carries with him. Called “Wavesplitter,” the 
axe is said to have been a war trophy taken from a river giant lord with which Kujo once had a dispute. After 
butchering its former owner, Kujo had the axe head  fitted to a heavy haft sized for him and modified to look 
especially menacing, to better fit his frightening personality. He even went so far as to hang a stylized ribbon 
made of its former owner’s scalp from its haft—a constant reminder to all that none are too big to be cut down to 
size. 
 
 

   

Kujo the Butcher 
Male seascarred unchained rogue 9 (scout, thug) 
CE Medium humanoid (shapechanger, skinwalker) 
Init +2; Senses low-light vision; Perception +15 
Languages Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 13, flat-footed 20 (+8 armor, +1 deflection, +2 Dex, +1 
natural) 
hp 83 (9 HD) 
Fort +7, Ref +10, Will +6 
Defensive Abilities evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 debilitating butchering axe +14/+9 (3d6+9/×3) 
Ranged mwk kitchen knife +9 (1d4+6/19-20) 
Special Attacks debilitating injury, finesse training (dagger), frightening, scout’s charge, skirmisher, sneak 
attack +5d6 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 9th; Concentration +11) 
3/day – charm animal (aquatic animals only) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 22 (+6), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 8 (–1), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +12 (+16 disarm with hooked axe); CMD 25 
Feats Dazzling Display, Disheartening Display, Exotic Weapon Proficiency (butchering axe
B), Flensing Strike, 
Intimidating Prowess, Violent Display, Weapon FinesseB, Weapon Focus (butchering axe
B) 
Skills Intimidate +19 (+15 with change shape), Perception +15, Profession (butcher) +13, Profession (sailor) 
+13, Stealth +12, Survival +13, Swim +16; Armor Check Penalty –2; Racial Bonuses +2 Perception 
and Swim 
SQ change shape (7/day), rogue’s edge (intimidate), rogue talents (bleeding attack, combat trick, terrain 
mastery: aquatic, weapon training), traits (bloodthirsty, bully) 
Combat Gear potions (enlarge person 3); Other Gear +1 debilitating butchering axe with effortless lace, +2 
mithral four-mirror armor, amulet of natural armor +1, belt of giant strength +4, cloak of resistance 
+2, cooking kit, mark of the grinning skull, ring of protection +1, spring-loaded wrist sheathes (2), 
tender (47gp) 
Encumbrance light 173 lb., medium 346 lb., heavy 520 lb.; Weight Carried 68 lb. 12 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bloodthirsty Whenever you make an attack that reduces a foe to 0 hit points or fewer or you confirm a critical 
hit, your attack deals 1 additional point of damage. The additional damage is a trait bonus, and is 
multiplied by your weapon’s critical hit multiplier. 
Brutal Beating (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage, you can choose to forgo 1d6 points of sneak 
attack damage to make the target sickened for a number of rounds equal to ½ your rogue level. This 
ability does not stack with itself—only the most recent duration applies. 
Bully You gain a +1 trait bonus on Intimidate checks, and Intimidate is always a class skill for you. 
Change Shape You can change shape into a bestial form as a standard action. In bestial form, you gain a +2 
racial bonus to Constitution. While in this form, you also take on an animalistic feature that provides a 
special effect. Each time you assume bestial form, you can choose to gain one of the following features: 
bite attack (1d6), ferocity, swim 30 ft., or water breathing. The racial ability score bonus and additional 
feature last as long as you remain in that form, and you can remain in bestial form for as long as you 
want. While in bestial form, you take a –4 penalty on Charisma and Charisma-based checks when 
interacting with humanoids that lack the shapechanger subtype. You can return to your humanoid form 
as a swift action. To change forms and gain a different benefit, you must first return to your humanoid 

form then use your shapechange ability again. You can shapechange into bestial form a number of times 
per day equal to 3 + ½ your character level. 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 
Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty to AC (or a –3 penalty with a 
debilitating weapon). The target takes an additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls (or a –3 penalty with a debilitating 
weapon). In addition, the target takes an additional –2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 
a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, you can select any one type of 
weapon that can be used with Weapon Finesse (such as rapiers or daggers). Once this choice is made, it 
cannot be changed. Whenever you make a successful melee attack with the selected weapon, you add 
your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the damage roll. If any effect would 
prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you do not add your Dexterity 
modifier. 
Frightening (Ex) Whenever you successfully use Intimidate to demoralize a creature, the duration of the 
shaken condition is increased by 1 round. In addition, if the target is shaken for 4 or more rounds, you 
can instead decide to make the target frightened for 1 round. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Intimidate: If you exceed the DC to demoralize a target by at least 10, it is frightened for 1 round 
and shaken thereafter. The total duration cannot exceed 1 round plus 1 round for every 5 by which you 
exceed the DC. A Will save (DC = 10 + your number of ranks in Intimidate) negates the frightened 
condition, but the target is still shaken, even if it has the stalwart ability. 
Scout’s Charge (Ex) Whenever you make a charge, your attack deals sneak attack damage as if the target were 
flat-footed. Foes with uncanny dodge are immune to this ability. 
Skirmisher (Ex) Whenever you move more than 10 feet in a round and make an attack action, the attack deals 
sneak attack damage as if the target was flat-footed. If you make more than one attack this turn, this 
ability only applies to the first attack. Foes with uncanny dodge are immune to this ability. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 5d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Terrain Mastery (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on initiative checks and Knowledge (geography), Perception, 
Stealth, and Survival skill checks when you are in aquatic terrain (above and below the surface). While 

traveling through your favored terrain you leave no trail and cannot be tracked (though you may leave a 
trail if you so choose). 