

Lwaxana Lore 
Female elf alchemist 10 
NG Medium humanoid (elf) 
Init +5; Senses low-light vision; Perception +14 
Languages Common, Elven, Gnoll, Goblin, Orc 
DEFENSE 
AC 28, touch 15, flat-footed 23 (+9 armor, +5 Dex, +4 shield) 
hp 72 (10 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +14, Will +4; +2 vs. enchantments 
Immune poison, sleep 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 rapier +11/+6 (1d6+3/18-20 plus poison) 
Ranged +2 conductive longbow +16/+11 (1d8+5 plus bomb plus 
poison/×3) or 
blinding bomb +13 touch (5d6+5 fire plus blindness, 10 splash plus dazzled) or 
confusion bomb +13 touch (3d6+5 fire plus confusion, 8 splash) or 
dispelling bomb +13 touch (5d6+5 fire plus dispel magic, 10 splash) or 
force bomb +13 touch (5d4+5 force plus trip, 10 splash) or 
smoke bomb +13 touch (5d6+5 fire plus smoke, 10 splash) or 
standard bomb +13 touch (5d6+5 fire, 10 splash) or 
stink bomb +13 touch (5d6+5 fire plus stink, 10 splash) or 
tanglefoot bomb +13 touch (5d6+5 fire plus entangle, 10 splash plus entangle) 
Special Attacks blinding bomb, bomb (5d6+5, 15/day, DC 20), confusion bomb, dispelling bomb, force bomb, 
poison use, smoke bomb, stink bomb, swift poisoning, tanglefoot bomb, throw anything +5 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 10
th) 
4
th  (2/day) – greater invisibility (2) 
3rd  (4/day) – fly (2), heroism (2) 
2
nd (5/day) – barkskin (2), invisibility (2), see invisibility 
1st  (7/day) – enlarge person (2), expeditious retreat, keen senses, reduce person (2), true strike 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 16 (+3), Dex 20 (+5), Con 10 (+0), Int 20 (+5), Wis 8 (–1), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +10; CMD 25 
Feats Brew PotionB, Extra Discovery (2), Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot, Throw Anything
B, Weapon Focus 
(longbow) 
Skills Appraise +18, Craft (alchemy) +23, Disable Device +18, Knowledge (arcana) +18, Knowledge (nature) 
+18, Sleight of Hand +18, Perception +14, Spellcraft +18 (+20 identifying magic items); Racial 
Modifiers +2 Perception, +2 Spellcraft to identify magic items 
SQ alchemy, discoveries (blinding bomb, confusion bomb, dispelling bomb, force bomb, smoke bomb, stink 
bomb, tanglefoot bomb), elven magic, mutagen (100 minutes), swift alchemy 
Combat Gear arrows (100), poison (blue whinnis 90); Other Gear +3 buckler, +3 mithral breastplate, +2 
conductive longbow (+3 strength modifier), alchemist’s kit, belt of physical might +2 (strength, 
dexterity), cloak of resistance +2, lesser bracer’s of archery, portable alchemist’s lab, tender (105gp) 
Formula Book 4th-level—greater invisibility; 3
rd-level—cure serious wounds, fly, heroism; 2nd-level—
barkskin, invisibility, see invisibility; 1st-level—crafter’s fortune, enlarge person, expeditious retreat, 
identify, keen senses, reduce person, true strike 
Encumbrance light 76 lb., medium 153 lb., heavy 230 lb.; Weight Carried 66 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alchemy (Su) When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal to 
your alchemist class level on the Craft (alchemy) check (included above). In addition, you can use Craft 

(alchemy) to identify potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to make 
such a check. You are also capable of creating bombs, extracts, and mutagens (see below). 
Blinding Bomb (Su) When you create a bomb, you can choose for it to detonate very brightly. Creatures that 
take a direct hit from a blinding bomb are blinded for 1 minute unless they succeed at a Fortitude save 
(DC 20). Creatures in the splash area that fail their saves against the bomb are dazzled for 1 minute. This 
is a light effect. 
Bomb (Su) You can use a number of bombs each day equal to your alchemist class level + your Intelligence 
modifier. Bombs are unstable, and if not used in the round they are created, they degrade and become 
inert—their method of creation prevents large volumes of explosive material from being created and 
stored. Creating and throwing a bomb requires a standard action that provokes an attack of opportunity. 
Thrown bombs have a range of 20 feet and use the Throw Splash Weapon special attack. Bombs are 
considered weapons and can be selected using feats such as Point-Blank Shot and Weapon Focus. On a 
direct hit, your bomb inflicts 1d6 points of fire damage plus additional damage equal to your 
Intelligence modifier (due to the throw anything class ability). The damage of your bomb increases by 
1d6 points at every odd-numbered alchemist level (this bonus damage is not multiplied on a critical hit 
or by using feats such as Vital Strike). Splash damage from an alchemist bomb is always equal to the 
bomb’s minimum damage. Those caught in the splash damage can attempt a Reflex save DC 22 for half 
damage. 
Confusion Bomb (Su) Your bombs twist the target’s perception of friend and foe. A creature that takes a direct 
hit from a confusion bomb takes damage from the bomb and is under the effect of a confusion spell for 1 
round per caster level of the alchemist. Reduce the amount of normal damage dealt by the bomb by 2d6. 
Dispelling Bomb (Su) When you create a bomb, you can choose to have it dispel magic effects instead of deal 
damage. Creatures that take a direct hit from a dispelling bomb are subject to a targeted dispel magic 
spell, using your alchemist level as the caster level. This cannot be used to target a specific spell effect. 
Extracts (Su) You may create and use extracts, essentially spells in the form a drinkable liquid. For the most 
part, extracts follow the rules of both potions and spells. 
Force Bomb (Su) When you create a bomb, you can choose to have it inflict force damage. Force bombs deal 
1d4 points of force damage, plus 1d4 points of force damage for every odd-numbered level, instead of 
1d6. Creatures that take a direct hit from a force bomb are knocked prone unless they succeed on a 
Reflex save. 
Mutagen (Su) You may brew a dose of mutagen in 1 hour, and once brewed, it remains potent until used. You 
can only maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any existing mutagen 
becomes inert. As with an extract or bomb, a mutagen that is not in your possession becomes inert until 
you pick it up again. When you brew a mutagen, you select one physical ability score—Strength, 
Dexterity, or Constitution. It’s a standard action to drink a mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen 
causes you to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you a +2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical 
bonus to the selected ability score for 10 minutes per alchemist level. In addition, while the mutagen is 
in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your mental ability scores. If the mutagen enhances your 
Strength, it applies a penalty to your Intelligence. If it enhances your Dexterity, it applies a penalty to 
your Wisdom. If it enhances your Constitution, it applies a penalty to your Charisma. A non-alchemist 
who drinks a mutagen must make a DC 20 Fortitude save or become nauseated for 1 hour—a non-
alchemist can never gain the benefit of a mutagen, but an alchemist can gain the effects of another 
alchemist’s mutagen if he drinks it. (Although if the other alchemist creates a different mutagen, the 
effects of the “stolen” mutagen immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever 
you drink a mutagen, the effects of any previous mutagen immediately end. 
Poison Use (Ex) You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying 
poison to a weapon. 
Poison Blue whinnis—injury; save Fort DC 14, frequency 1/round for 2 rounds, effect 1 Con/unconsciousness 
1d3 hours, cure 1 save. 
Smoke Bomb (Su) When you create a bomb, you can choose to have it create a cloud of thick smoke when it 
detonates. The cloud functions as fog cloud, filling an area equal to twice the bomb’s splash radius for 1 
round per level. 

Stink Bomb (Su) The effects of the smoke created by your bomb can duplicate the effects of stinking cloud 
(Fort DC 20) instead of fog cloud, filling an area equal to twice the bomb’s splash radius for 1 round. 
Swift Alchemy (Ex) You can create alchemical items with astounding speed. It takes you half the normal 
amount of time to create alchemical items. 
Swift Poisoning (Ex) You can apply a dose of poison to a weapon as a swift action. 
Tanglefoot Bomb (Su) A creature that takes a direct hit from a tanglefoot bomb must save against the bomb’s 
DC or be entangled and glued to the floor as if it had failed its save against a tanglefoot bag. Creatures in 
the splash area that fail their saves are entangled but not glued to the floor; those who make this save are 
not entangled at all. 
Throw Anything (Ex) You gain the Throw Anything feat as a bonus feat and you add your Intelligence 
modifier to damage done with splash weapons, including the splash damage if any. This bonus damage 
is already included in the bomb class feature (and in the above stats). 
 