

Lweoh Estalc 
Make human conjurer 11 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +2; Senses familiar’s alertness; Perception +11 
Languages Aquan, Auran, Common, Ignan, Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 16, touch 12, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +2 Dex); mage armor 
hp 72 (11 HD) 
Fort +6, Ref +6, Will +8 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland flight 
Melee mwk cold iron dagger +8 (1d4+2/19-20) 
Ranged acid dart +7 touch (1d6+5 acid) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 11th; Concentration +15) 
7/day – acid dart 
Spells Prepared (CL 11
th; Concentration +15) 
6th  (3/day) – guards and wards, summon monster VI (2) 
5th  (4/day) – overland flight, summon monster V (2), teleport 
4th  (5/day) – black tentacles, summon monster IV (2), wall of fire, wall of ice 
3
rd  (7/day) – fly, haste (2), shrink item, slow (2), stinking cloud 
2nd (7/day) – invisibility (2), resist energy (2), rope trick, web (2) 
1st  (7/day) – color spray, feather fall, grease, mage armor (3), shield 
0  (at will) – light, mage hand, message, prestidigitation 
Arcane School conjuration; Opposition Schools divination, necromancy 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 24 (+7), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +7; CMD 19 
Feats Augment Summoning, Craft Construct
B, Craft Magic Arms and Armor
B, Craft Wondrous Item, Improved 
Familiar, Racial Heritage (tengu
B), Scribe Scroll
B, Spell Focus (conjuration), Tengu Raven Form, Tengu 
Wings 

Skills Craft (alchemy) +18, Craft (stonemasonry) +18, Fly +16 (+21 w/overland flight), Knowledge (arcana) 
+18, Knowledge (engineering) +18, Knowledge (planes) +18, Perception +11 (+15 with familiar), 
Profession (engineer) +14, Sense Motive +11 (+15 with familiar), Spellcraft +18 
Favored Class (wizard)SQ arcane bond (fire elemental familiar), dimensional steps (330 ft./day), summoner’s 
charm 
Gear blessed book (hidden away in a secret chest), chest with arcane locked superior lock (DC 50, kept on 
ethereal plane), cloak of resistance +1, headband of vast intelligence +6 (craft: stonemasonry, 
knowledge: engineering, profession: engineer), masterwork cold iron dagger, moving castle (colossal 
animated object, see below), secret chest focus, tender (46gp, 1,000gp in secret chest) 
Spellbook all core wizard spells of 5
th-level and lower plus guards and wards and summon monster VI 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 175 lb.; Weight Carried 2 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Acid Dart (Sp) As a standard action you can unleash an acid dart targeting any foe within 30 feet as a ranged 
touch attack. The acid dart deals 1d6 points of acid damage + 1 for every two wizard levels you possess. 
You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. This attack 
ignores spell resistance. 
Dimensional Steps (Sp) You can use this ability to teleport up to 30 feet per wizard level per day as a standard 
action. This teleportation must be used in 5-foot increments and such movement does not provoke an 
attack of opportunity. You can bring other willing creatures with you, but you must expend an equal 
amount of distance for each additional creature brought with you. 

Summoner’s Charm (Su) Whenever you cast a conjuration (summoning) spell, increase the duration by a 
number of rounds equal to ½ your wizard level (minimum 1). 
 
Ember 
Fire elemental familiar (valet) 
N Small outsider (elemental, extraplanar, fire) 
Init +5; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +4 
Languages Ignan; empathic link, speak with master 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 13, flat-footed 24 (+4 armor, +1 Dex, +1 dodge, +9 natural, +1 
size); mage armor 
hp 36 (11 HD) 
Fort +3, Ref +5, Will +4 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion; Immune elemental traits, fire; SR 16 
Weaknesses vulnerability to cold 
OFFENSE 
Speed fly 50 ft. 
Melee slam +4 (1d4 plus burn) 
Ranged by weapon +4 
Valet Spell-like Abilities (CL 11
th; Concentration +11) 
1/hour – prestidigitation 
Special Attacks burn (1d4, DC 11), deliver touch spells 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 13 (+1), Con 10 (+0), Int 11 (+0), Wis 11 (+0), Cha 11 (+0) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +4 (or +5 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 16 
Feats Cooperative Crafting
B (only with master), Craft Construct
B, Craft Magic Arms and Armor
B, Craft 
Wondrous ItemB (only with master), Dodge, Improved Initiative
B, Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Acrobatics +5, Climb +4, Craft (alchemy) +14, Escape Artist +5, Fly +10, Intimidate +4, Knowledge 
(arcana) +11, Knowledge (engineering) +11, Knowledge (planes) +14, Perception +4, Profession 
(engineer) +14, Spellcraft +11 
SQ able assistant, empathic link, familiar traits, share spells, teammate 
Encumbrance light 24 lb. 12 oz., medium 49 lb. 8 oz., heavy 75 lb.; Weight Carried 0 lb.  
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Able Assistant (Ex) A valet’s master treats the valet as if it possessed the Cooperative Crafting feat and shared 
all Craft skills and item creation feats he possesses. 
Alertness (Ex) While your familiar is within arm’s reach, you gain the Alertness feat. 
Deliver Touch Spells (Su) If you and your familiar are in contact at the time you cast a touch spell, you can 
designate your familiar as the toucher. Your familiar can then deliver the touch spell personally. As 
usual, if you cast another spell before the touch is delivered, the touch spell dissipates. When delivering 
a harmless touch spell to a willing creature, a valet can also move before and after delivering the spell, 
as long as its total movement does not exceed its speed. 
Empathic Link (Su) Your familiar has an empathic link with you out to one mile. You cannot see through your 
familiar’s eyes, but the two of you can communicate empathically. Only general emotional content can 
be communicated. You have the same connection to an item or place that your familiar does. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, your familiar takes no damage if he makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if 
the saving throw fails. 
Share Spells You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your familiar (as a touch spell) instead of on 
yourself. You may cast spells on your familiar even if the spells do not normally affect creatures of the 
familiar’s type. 

Teammate (Ex) A valet is considered to have all the teamwork feats its master has. 
 
Lweoh’s Keep 
 
Lweoh’s keep is a magically animated construct creature capable of flying from 
one town to another.  In  all other ways, it remains an elaborate fortified  keep 
complete with the following features: two armories, three bedrooms, two bunks, 
one cell, one courtyard,  one  crypt,  four  defensive  walls,  one drawbridge,  one 
escape route, one garden, one gatehouse, one gauntlet, one kitchen, one lavatory, 
one office, one sitting room, one stall, and two storage spaces. Lweoh protects 
his home from intruders with a constant guards and wards effect. 
 
Moving Castle 
Colossal Animated Object (castle) 
N Colossal construct 
Init –2; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception –5 
Languages understands and obeys creator and lawful inhabitants 
DEFENSE 
AC 23, touch 0, flat-footed 23 (–2 Dex, +4 armor, +19 natural, –8 size); mage armor 
hp 151 (13 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +2, Will –1 
Defensive Abilities guards and wards, hardness 10; Immune construct traits, critical hits, precision damage 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 30 ft. (clumsy), swim 30 ft. 
Melee slam +24 (4d6+28) 
Space 30 ft.; Reach 30 ft. 
Special Attacks trample (4d6+28, DC 35) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 49, Dex 6, Con –, Int –, Wis 1, Cha 1 
Base Atk +13; CMB +40; CMD 48 
Skills Fly –18, Stealth –18 
SQ construction points (6 points: fly, metal construction, swim, trample), very large 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Trample (Ex) As a full-round action, a moving castle can attempt to overrun any creature that is at least one 
size category smaller than itself. This works just like the overrun combat maneuver, but the moving 
castle does not need to make a check, it merely has to move over opponents in its path. Targets of a 
trample take an amount of damage equal to the moving castle’s slam damage + 1½ times its Str 
modifier. Targets of a trample can make an attack of opportunity, but at a –4 penalty. If targets forgo an 
attack of opportunity, they can attempt to avoid the trampling castle and receive a Reflex save to take 
half damage. The save DC against a moving castle’s trample attack is 10 + ½ moving castle’s HD + 
moving castle’s Str modifier (the exact DC is given above). A moving castle can only deal trampling 
damage to each target once per round, no matter how many times its movement takes it over a target 
creature. 
Very Large A moving castle is essentially an extremely large mobile object. As such it is immune to critical 
hits, has a hardness rating, takes reduced damage from energy attacks (or no damage from ineffectual 
attacks), and has different hit point totals for different sections. For example, a door may be broken 
down, a window smashed, or even an entire wall collapsed without any harm to the moving castle. For 
damage to be dealt directly to the moving castle’s hit point total, the moving castle as a whole must be 
deliberately targeted, rather than its individual components. Once the moving castle reaches 0 hit points, 
it is effectively destroyed: it is no longer animated and reverts to a mundane castle (albeit a damaged 

one) resting in its current position. If swimming it may begin to sink, if flying it may crash to the 
ground, either of which may be hazardous to castle occupants. For the purposes of completely 
obliterating the castle itself (not just de-animating it), treat the moving castle as having 10,800 hit points. 
Attacking an object within the moving castle is treated just like targeting any normal unattended object 
(see the smashing an object rules). Attacking an object on the castle’s exterior (such as to collapse a 
balcony), however, requires a successful sunder attempt against the moving castle itself (see the sunder 
combat maneuver). Additionally, a moving castle is so large, that a great number of beings may live 
comfortably inside of it, even while it is moving or fighting. Such inhabitants may prove dangerous in 
their own right, granting the moving castle additional forms of attack or defense. 
CONSTRUCTION 
Price 67,390gp; CL 11th; Requirements Craft Construct, animate objects, permanency; Skill Spellcraft or 
Craft (stonemasonry); Cost 37,390gp 