

Mister Owl 
Male human gunslinger 10 
LN Medium humanoid (human) 
Init +9; Senses Perception +16 
Languages Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 30, touch 20, flat-footed 22 (+6 armor, +2 deflection, +7 Dex, +3 dodge, +1 
natural, +3 shield) 
hp 108 (10 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +16, Will +8 
Defensive Abilities gunslinger’s dodge, nimble +3 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee mwk dagger +9 (1d4/19-20) when sharpened 
Ranged +1 double barrel pistol +18/+13 (1d8+8/19-20/×4) or 
+1 double barrel pistol +14/+14 (1d8+8/19-20/×4) with both barrels, or 
+1 double barrel pistols +14/+13/+9/+8 (1d8+8/19-20/×4) with Improved 
Two-Weapon Fighting 
+1 double barrel pistol +16/+16/+11 (1d8+8/19-20/×4) with Rapid Shot 
+1 double barrel pistols +12/+12/+11/+7/+6 (1d8+8/19-20/×4) with Rapid 
Shot and Improved Two-Weapon Fighting, or 
mwk blunderbuss +18 (1d8+8) or 
mwk blunderbuss +16 (1d8+8, 15-foot cone) with scattering shot, or 
mwk buckler gun +17 (1d6/×4) or 
mwk dagger +17 (1d4/19-20) when sharpened 
Special Attacks dead shot, deadeye, pistol-whip, startling shot, targeting 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 9 (–1), Dex 24 (+7), Con 16 (+3), Int 10 (+0), Wis 16 (+3), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +10; CMB +9; CMD 28 
Feats Deadly AimB (–3 attack, +6 damage), Gunsmithing
B, Improved Critical (double barrel pistol), Improved 
Two-Weapon Fighting
B, Point Blank Shot, Quick Draw, Rapid Reload (double barrel pistol), Rapid 
Shot, Two-Weapon Fighting
B 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +13, Sleight of Hand +20, Perception +16, Stealth +17, Survival +16 
SQ gunsmith (blunderbuss), grit (5), gunslinger initiative, gun training (blunderbuss, double barrel pistol), quick 
clear, utility shot 
Combat Gear alchemical cartridges (entangling shot 10, flare 10, paper/bullet 50, paper/pellet 50, salt shot 10), 
potions of cure light wounds (3); Other Gear +1 double-barrel pistols (2), +2 mithral armored coat, 
+2 buckler gun (enchanted for AC), amulet of natural armor +1, belt of incredible dexterity +4, boots 
of speed, gunsmith’s kit, masterwork blunderbuss, masterwork dagger (razor-sharp modification), 
muleback cords (doubles as a cloak of resistance +2), ring of protection +2, tender (47gp, 7sp, 8cp), 
weapon cords (2), whetstone 
Encumbrance light 86 lb., medium 173 lb., heavy 260 lb.; Weight Carried 50 lb. 7 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Dead Shot (Ex) As a full-round action, you can take careful aim and pool all of your attack potential into a 
single, deadly shot. When you do this, you shoot the firearm at a single target, but make as many attack 
rolls as you can, based on your base attack bonus. You make the attack rolls in order from highest bonus 
to lowest, as if you were making a full attack. If any of the attack rolls hit the target, your single attack is 
considered to have hit. For each additional successful attack roll beyond the first, you increase the 
damage of the shot by the base damage dice of the firearm. Precision damage and extra damage from 
weapon special abilities (such as flaming) are added with damage modifiers and are not increased by this 

deed. If one or more rolls are critical threats, you confirm the critical once using your highest base attack 
bonus –5. For each critical threat beyond the first, you reduce this penalty by 1 (to a maximum of 0). 
You only misfire on a dead shot if all the attack rolls are misfires. You cannot perform this deed with a 
blunderbuss or other scatter weapon when attacking creatures in a cone. You must spend 1 grit point to 
perform this deed. 
Deadeye (Ex) You can resolve an attack against touch AC instead of normal AC when firing beyond your 
firearm’s first range increment. Performing this deed costs 1 grit point per range increment beyond the 
first. The gunslinger still takes the –2 penalty on attack rolls for each range increment beyond the first 
when she performs this deed. 
Grit (Ex) At the start of each day, you gain a number of grit points equal to your Wisdom modifier (minimum 
1). Your grit goes up or down throughout the day, but usually cannot go higher than your Wisdom 
modifier (minimum 1), though some feats and magic items may affect this maximum. You spend grit to 
accomplish deeds (see below), and regain grit in the following ways. 
Critical Hit with a Firearm: Each time you confirm a critical hit with a firearm attack while in the 
heat of combat, you regain 1 grit point. Confirming a critical hit on a helpless or unaware creature or on 
a creature that has fewer Hit Dice than half your character level does not restore grit. 
Killing Blow with a Firearm: When you reduce a creature to 0 or fewer hit points with a firearm 
attack while in the heat of combat, you regain 1 grit point. Destroying an unattended object, reducing a 
helpless or unaware creature to 0 or fewer hit points, or reducing a creature that has fewer Hit Dice than 
half your character level to 0 or fewer hit points does not restore any grit. 
Gun Training (Ex) You gain a bonus equal to your Dexterity modifier on damage rolls when firing pistols and 
double barrel pistols. Furthermore, when you misfire with that type of firearm, the misfire value of that 
firearm increases by 2 instead of 4. 
Gunslinger Initiative (Ex) As long as you have at least 1 grit point, you gain the following benefits. First, you 
gain a +2 bonus on initiative checks. Furthermore, if you have the Quick Draw feat, your hands are free 
and unrestrained, and the firearm is not hidden, you can draw a single firearm as part of the initiative 
check. 
Gunslinger’s Dodge (Ex) When a ranged attack is made against you, you can spend 1 grit point to move 5 feet 
as an immediate action; doing so grants you a +2 bonus to AC against the triggering attack. This 
movement is not a 5-foot step, and provokes attacks of opportunity. Alternatively, you may drop prone 
to gain a +4 bonus to AC against the triggering attack. You can only perform this deed while wearing 
medium or light armor, and while carrying no more than a light load. 
Nimble (Ex) You gain a +1 dodge bonus to AC while wearing light or no armor. Anything that causes you to 
lose your Dexterity bonus to AC also causes you to lose this dodge bonus. This bonus increases by +1 
for every four levels beyond 2nd level (to a maximum of +5 at 20th level). 
Pistol-Whip (Ex) You can make a surprise melee attack with the butt or handle of your firearm as a standard 
action. When you do, you are considered to be proficient with the firearm as a melee weapon and gain a 
bonus on the attack and damage rolls equal to the enhancement bonus of the firearm. The damage dealt 
by the pistol-whip is of the bludgeoning type, and is determined by the size of the firearm. One-handed 
firearms deal 1d6 points of damage (1d4 if wielded by size Small creatures) and two-handed firearms 
deal 1d10 points of damage (1d8 if wielded by size Small creatures). Regardless of your size, the critical 
multiplier of this attack is 20/×2. If the attack hits, you can make a combat maneuver check to knock the 
target prone as a free action. Performing this deed costs 1 grit point. 
Quick Clear (Ex) As a standard action, you can remove the broken condition from a single firearm you are 
currently wielding, as long as that condition was gained by a firearm misfire. You must have at least 1 
grit point to perform this deed. Alternatively, if you spend 1 grit point to perform this deed, you can 
perform quick clear as a move-equivalent action instead of a standard action. 
Startling Shot (Ex) When you have at least 1 grit point you can spend a standard action to purposely miss a 
creature that you could normally hit with a firearm attack. When you do, that creature becomes 
flat-footed until the start of its next turn. 
Targeting (Ex) As a full-round action, you can make a single firearm attack and choose part of the body to 
target. You gain the following effects depending on the part of the body targeted. If a creature does not 

have one of the listed body locations, that part cannot be targeted. This deed costs 1 grit point to perform 
no matter which part of the creature you target. Creatures that are immune to sneak attacks are immune 
to these effects. 
Arms: On a hit, the target takes no damage from the hit but drops one carried item of your choice, 
even if the item is wielded with two hands. Items held in a locked gauntlet are not dropped on a hit. 
Head: On a hit, the target is damaged normally, and is also confused for 1 round. This is a mind-
affecting effect.  
Legs: On a hit, the target is damaged normally and knocked prone. Creatures that are immune to trip 
attacks are immune to this effect. 
Torso: Targeting the torso threatens a critical on a 19–20. 
Wings: On a hit, the target is damaged normally, and must make a DC 20 Fly check or fall 20 ft. 
Utility Shot (Ex) If you have at least 1 grit point, you can perform all of the following utility shots. Each utility 
shot can be applied to any single attack with a firearm, but you must declare the utility shot you are 
using before firing the shot. 
Blast Lock: You make an attack roll against a lock within the first range increment of your firearm. 
A Diminutive lock usually has AC 7, and larger locks have lower ACs. The lock gains a bonus to its AC 
against this attack based on its quality. A simple lock has a +10 bonus to AC, an average lock has a +15 
bonus to AC, a good lock has a +20 bonus to AC, and a superior lock has a +30 bonus to AC. Arcane 
lock grants a +10 bonus to the AC of a lock against this attack. On a hit, the lock is destroyed, and the 
object can be opened as if it were unlocked. On a miss, the lock is destroyed, but the object is jammed 
and still considered locked. It can still be unlocked by successfully performing this deed, by using the 
Disable Device skill, or with the break DC, though the DC or the AC increases by 10. A key, 
combination, or similar mechanical method of unlocking the lock no longer works, though knock can 
still be employed to bypass the lock, and the creator of an arcane lock can still bypass the wards of that 
spell. 
Scoot Unattended Object: You make an attack roll against a Tiny or smaller unattended object 
within the first range increment of your firearm. A Tiny unattended object has AC 5, a Diminutive 
unattended object has AC 7, and a Fine unattended object has AC 11. On a hit, you do not damage the 
object with the shot, but can move it up to 15 feet farther away from the shot’s origin. On a miss, you 
damage the object normally. 
Stop Bleeding: You make a firearm attack and then press the hot barrel against an adjacent creature 
to staunch a bleeding wound. Instead of dealing damage, the shot ends a single bleed condition affecting 
the creature. You do not have to make an attack roll when performing the deed in this way; you can 
instead shoot the firearm into the air, but that shot still uses up ammunition normally. 