

Mizu 
  

Female samsaran cleric 3/transmuter 3/mystic theurge 2 
NG Medium humanoid (samsaran) 
Init +0; Senses familiar’s alertness, low-light vision; Perception +15 
Languages Abyssal, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Ignan, Infernal, Samsaran, Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 14, touch 10, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor); mage armor 
hp 51 plus greater false life (8 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +7, Will +17; +2 vs. death and negative energy effects 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee by weapon +4 
Ranged by weapon +4 
Special Attacks channel positive energy 2/day (DC 10, 2d6) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 5th; Concentration +9) 
10/day – augment, bit of luck 
Cleric Spells Prepared (CL 8th, cast spells as 6
th-level cleric; Concentration +15) 
3rd (5/day) – communal resist energyUC, dispel magic, meld into stone, plant growthD, 
protection from energy 
2nd (6/day) – barkskinD, bear’s endurance, bull’s strength, grace
APG, heroic fortune
APG, silence 
1st (6/day) – bless, doom, entangle
D, ray of sickeningUM, shield of faith, sun metalUC 
0 (at will) – create water, detect magic, guidance, purify food and drink 
D Domain spells; Domains luck, plant 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 8th; Concentration +15) 
4th (4/day) – black tentacles, cloud shapeARG, greater false life
UM, greater invisibility 
3rd (6/day) – displacement, fireball, haste, lightning bolt, stinking cloud, slow 
2nd (6/day) – blindness/deafness, cat’s grace, invisibility, mirror image, vision of hell
UM, web 
1st (7/day) – burning hands, grease, mage armor, magic missile, moment of greatness, ray of enfeeblement, shield 
0 (at will) – light, open/close, mending, spark
APG 
Prohibited Schools divination, enchantment 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 10 (+0), Con 12 (+1), Int 24 (+7), Wis 24 (+7), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +4; CMB +4; CMD 14; Hero Points 3 
Feats Additional Traits, AlertnessB (with familiar), Combat Casting, Craft Wondrous Item, Improved Familiar, Scribe Scroll
B 
Skills Appraise +18, Heal +18, Knowledge (arcana) +20, Knowledge (history) +18, Knowledge (nature) +18, Knowledge (religion) 
+20, Perception +15 (+17 with familiar), Sense Motive +18 (+20 with familiar), Spellcraft +18; Racial Modifier +2 
Knowledge (arcana), +2 Knowledge (religion) 
SQ arcane bond (silvanshee familiar), arcane spellcasting guild member (40 fame, 40 PP), aura of good (moderate), combined spells 
(1st), esoteric training, lifebound, senior guild member (wondrous items), shards of the past (knowledge: arcana, knowledge: 
religion), spontaneous casting (cure spells), traits (deft dodger, magical knack: cleric) 
Combat Gear divine spell scrolls (communal protection from evil
UC [CL 8th], remove paralysis 2), wand of cure light wounds (50 
charges); Other Gear blessed book (796 pages left), cloak of resistance +3, headband of mental prowess +4 (knowledge: 
nature, perception), spell component pouch, tender (112gp, 5sp), traveler’s any-tool 
Spellbook 0-level—all; 1st-level—burning hands, expeditious retreat, enlarge person, feather fall, grease, hold portal, mage armor, 
magic missile, moment of greatnessUC, ray of enfeeblement, shield, silent image; 2nd-level—blindness/deafness, cat’s grace, 
invisibility, mirror’s image, scorching ray, vision of hell
UM, web; 3rd-level—displacement, fireball, fly, haste, heroism
O, 
lightning bolt, slow, stinking cloud; 4th-level—bestow curse, black tentacles, cloud shape
ARG, firefall
APG, greater false life
UM, 
greater invisibility, wall of fire, wall of ice 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 7 lb. (excluding tender) 
 

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Augment (Sp) As a standard action, you can touch a creature and grant it either a +2 enhancement bonus to a single ability score of 
your choice or a +1 bonus to natural armor that stacks with any natural armor the creature might possess. This augmentation 
lasts a number of rounds equal to ½ your wizard level (minimum 1 round). You can use this ability a number of times per day 
equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. 
Bit of Luck (Sp) You can touch a willing creature as a standard action, giving it a bit of luck. For the next round, any time the target 
rolls a d20, he may roll twice and take the more favorable result. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 
3 + your Wisdom modifier. 
Channel Energy (Su) Channeling energy causes a burst that affects all creatures of one type (either undead or living) in a 30-foot 
radius centered on you. The amount of damage dealt or healed is equal to 1d6 points of damage plus 1d6 points of damage 
for every two cleric levels beyond 1
st. Creatures that take damage from channeled energy receive a Will save to halve the 
damage. The DC of this save is equal to 10 + ½ your cleric level + your Charisma modifier. Creatures healed by channeled 
energy cannot exceed their maximum hit point total—all excess healing is lost. You may channel energy a number of times 
per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. This is a standard action that does not provoke an attack of opportunity. You 
can choose whether or not to include yourself in this effect. You must be able to present your holy symbol to use this ability. 
Combined Spells (Su) You can prepare and cast spells from one of your spellcasting classes using the available slots from any of 
your other spellcasting classes. Spells prepared or cast in this way take up a slot one level higher than they originally 
occupied. This ability cannot be used to cast a spell at a lower level if that spell exists on both spell lists. You may only cross 
1st-level spells in this fashion. The components of these spells do not change, but they otherwise follow the rules for the 
spellcasting class used to cast the spell. 
Deft Dodger You gain a +1 trait bonus to Reflex saves (included above). 
Esoteric Training Due to your membership in a spellcasting guild (and Fame score of 40) you gain a +3 bonus to your caster level 
with wizard spells and a +1 bonus to your caster level with cleric spells (up to a maximum of your character level). These 
bonuses grant you additional spells known and spells per day for your modified caster level. 
Lifebound (Ex) You gain a +2 racial bonus on all saving throws made to resist death effects, saving throws against negative energy 
effects, Fortitude saves made to remove negative levels, and Constitution checks made to stabilize if reduced to negative hit 
points. 
Magical Knack Pick a class when you gain this trait—your caster level in that class gains a +2 trait bonus as long as this bonus 
doesn’t raise your caster level above your current Hit Dice. Thise bonus does not grant you additional spells known and 
spells per day for your modified caster level. 
Senior Guild Member Using guild contacts, you can earn an additional 10% profit when selling magical wondrous items. 
Shards of the Past (Ex) Choose two skills—you gain a +2 racial bonus on both of these skills (included above), and they are treated 
as class skills regardless of what class you actually take. 
 
   

Artemis 
  

Female silvanshee familiar 
NG Tiny outsider (agathion, extraplanar, good) 
Init +6; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +16 
Languages Celestial, Draconic, Infernal; speak with animals, truespeech 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 14, flat-footed 16 (+2 Dex, +4 natural, +2 size) 
hp 25 (8 HD) 
Fort +7, Ref +6, Will +9 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion; DR 5/evil or silver; Immune electricity, 
petrification; Resist cold 10, sonic 10; SR 13 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 90 ft. (good) 
Melee bite +6 (1d4–4) and 2 claws +6 (1d2–4) or 
by spell +8 touch (as the spell) 
Space 2½ ft.; Reach 0 ft. 
Special Attacks deliver touch spells 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 2nd except where noted) 
Constant – know direction, speak with animals 
At will – dancing lights, prestidigitation, stabilize 
1/day – dimension door (self plus 5 lb. of objects only) 
1/week – commune (6 questions, CL 12th) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 3 (–4), Dex 15 (+2), Con 12 (+1), Int 10 (+0), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 13 (+1) 
Base Atk +4; CMB +4; CMD 10 (14 vs. trip) 
Feats Improved Initiative, Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Acrobatics +11, Appraise +8, Climb +7, Fly +6, Heal +8, Knowledge (arcana) +11, Knowledge (history) +8, Knowledge 
(nature) +8, Knowledge (planes) +5, Knowledge (religion) +8, Perception +16, Sense Motive +9, Spellcraft +8, Stealth +19; 
Racial Modifiers +4 Acrobatics, +4 Perception, +4 Stealth 
SQ alertness, cat’s luck, empathic link, familiar traits, flight, lay on hands (1d6, 1/day), share spells, spectral mist 
Gear spare spell component pouch 
Encumbrance light 7 lb. 8 oz., medium 15 lb., heavy 22 lb. 8 oz.; Weight Carried 2 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alertness (Ex) While your familiar is within arm’s reach, you gain the Alertness feat. 
Cat’s Luck (Su) A silvanshee adds its Charisma modifier as a luck bonus on all its saving throws. Once per day as a standard action, 
it can also grant this bonus to one ally within 30 feet for 10 minutes. 
Deliver Touch Spells (Su) If you and your familiar are in contact at the time you cast a touch spell, you can designate your familiar as 
the toucher. Your familiar can then deliver the touch spell personally. As usual, if you cast another spell before the touch is 
delivered, the touch spell dissipates. 
Empathic Link (Su) Your familiar has an empathic link with you out to one mile. You cannot see through your familiar’s eyes, but 
the two of you can communicate empathically. Only general emotional content can be communicated. You have the same 
connection to an item or place that your familiar does. 
Heroic Strength (Su) Once per day, a silvanshee can grant itself a +8 enhancement bonus to Strength for 1 minute. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half damage, your familiar takes 
no damage if he makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if the saving throw fails. 
Share Spells Any spell you cast on yourself also affects your familiar if he is within 5 feet at the time of casting. If the spell is 
continuous, it stops affecting your familiar if he moves farther than 5 feet away. Your familiar may accept such spells even if 
he would normally be an invalid target. 
Spectral Mist (Su) A silvanshee can assume an eerie, mist-like form roughly the size and shape of a cat. This ability has the same 
effect as a gaseous form spell, except the silvanshee retains its own DR and supernatural abilities and can move at its normal 
speed. It can remain in mist form up to 5 minutes per day. This duration does not have to be consecutive, but it must be used 
in 1-minute increments. 
 