

Niscies Craven 
“You are naught but dust, and like dust you shall be scattered!” 
 
Pale as the midnight moon and as translucent as a wispy cloud, Niscies 
appears far from human. Her eyes glow with the bright light of 
undeath, her wild black hair constantly moves around her face as if it 
had a life of its own, and her hands tremor with psychic power. She 
wears a long purple robe with fiery phoenixes sewn onto the sleeves 
and a bright red sash around her waist to hold it together. These regal 
garments, having been buried with Niscies’ corpse, are as immaterial 
as her translucent flesh. 
 
Utterly insane, Niscies craves more and more  psychic  power, 
believing that it is the only way for her to discover the secret to 
immortality. She is willing to do anything to accomplish her goals and 
is not the slightest bit concerned about ethics or morals, seeing them 
merely as obstacles that could impede her  research. She doesn’t 
realize that she is a ghost, instead believing that her special abilities 
are merely another part of her psychic potential. 
 
In truth, Nisces was a sickly sorceress in life who sought freedom from her ails and everlasting immortality above 
all else. Her search consumed her for many years. Finally, she succeeded in her goal by sacrificing her soul to a 
powerful demon lord. Although she was granted immortality in the form of undeath in return, the demon lord’s 
trickery has only served to drive her even more insane. She now wonders the world as an enslaved ghost still 
trying to find the secrets to immortality—not even realizing that she has already secured her former life’s dream. 
The demon lord directs her movements across the material plane, continually plying her with empty promises of 
an eternal reward, effectively transforming her into a near-mindless plague of death and destruction that ravages 
all in its path. 
 
Not only does she suffer from severe denial, but Niscies is also so deluded by the demon’s lies, that any attempts 
to make her see the truth of her undead existence only serves to drive her into a blind fury. Reaching out to her in 
such a fashion only serves to remind her (on a subconscious level) that the one thing she ever truly wanted in life 
is the very thing that  has resulted in her eternal  anguish.  When not  manipulated  by  her unholy master, she 
adventures freely in search of the psychic secrets of the world, though any alliances she may make with the living 
along the way generally prove to be short lived. 
   

Niscies Craven 
Male human sorcerer 13 
CE Medium undead (augmented humanoid, incorporeal) 
Init +6; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +22 
Languages Abyssal, Common, Infernal 
DEFENSE 
AC 31, touch 27, flat-footed 25 (+4 armor, +6 Dex, +11 deflection); mage 
armor 
hp 203 plus false life (13 HD) 
Fort +19, Ref +14, Will +13; +4 vs. mind-affecting effects 
Defensive Abilities channel resistance +4, incorporeal, rejuvenation; 
Immune undead traits 
OFFENSE 
Speed fly 30 ft. (perfect) 
Melee corrupting touch +12 incorporeal touch (12d6, Fort DC 27 half) or 
draining touch +12 incorporeal touch (1d4 ability damage) 
Ranged by touch spell +12 touch (as spell) 
Special Attacks corrupting gaze (DC 27), corrupting touch, draining touch, psychic strike (DC 27, 1d6+6, 
14/day), telekinesis (CL 13th, DC 27, usable every 1d4 rounds) 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 13
th; Concentration +24) 
6th  (5/day) – chain lightning, chains of fire
ARG, ego whip IV
B OA, intellect fortress IIIB OA, mental barrier 
V
B OA, mind thrust VI
B OA, psychic crush II
B OA 
5th  (7/day) – acidic spray
M UM, cloudkill, cone of cold, dominate person, id insinuation IVB OA, 
possessionOA 
4th  (7/day) – ball lightning
APG, black tentacles, death knell auraBotD:V3, emergency force sphere
CEoD, 
enervation, resilient sphere 
3rd (7/day) – battering blast
DoG, call the voidDEP, create soul gemF BotD:V3, dispel magic, fire trailARG, 
sleet storm 
2nd (8/day) – blindness/deafness, darkness, false life, fog cloud, resist energy, see invisibility, shatter 
1st  (8/day) – mage armor, magic missile, shield, silent image, stone shieldARG, true strike, vanishAPG 
0  (at will) – acid splash, bleed, detect magic, light, mage hand, mending, message, open/close, 
prestidigitation, ray of frost, read magic, sparkAPG 
Bloodline psychic 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str –, Dex 22 (+6), Con –, Int 14 (+2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 32 (+11) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +12; CMD 33 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Dazing Spell, Empower Spell, Eschew Materials
B, Flyby Attack, Focused Spell
B, 
Lingering Spell, Reach SpellB, Quicken SpellB, Seeking Spell, Widen Spell 
Skills Fly +22, Intimidate +27, Perception +22, Spellcraft +18, Stealth +27; Racial Bonuses +8 Perception, +8 
Stealth 
SQ bloodline arcana (cast psychic spells instead of arcane spells) 
Combat Gear focus/material components (acidic spray 10, create soul gem 10); Other Gear belt of incredible 
dexterity +6, crystal ball (true seeing), headband of alluring charisma +6, orb of storms, otherworldly 
kimono, rusted sacrificial dagger (with which she killed herself), tome of leadership and influence +4 
(already read), treasure cache (100pp, 100gp, 500sp) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Corrupting Gaze (Su) You have a gaze attack with a range of 30 feet that causes 2d10 damage and 1d4 
Charisma damage (Fortitude save negates Charisma damage but not physical damage). 
Corrupting Touch (Su) By passing part of your incorporeal body through a foe’s body as a standard action, 
you inflict 12d6 damage. This damage is not negative energy—it manifests in the form of physical 

wounds and aches from supernatural aging. Creatures immune to magical aging are immune to this 
damage, but otherwise the damage bypasses all forms of damage reduction. A Fortitude save halves the 
damage inflicted. 
Draining Touch (Su) You gain a touch attack that drains 1d4 points from any one ability score you select on a 
hit. On each such successful attack, you heal 5 points of damage to yourself. When you make a draining 
touch attack, you cannot use your standard ghostly touch attack. 
Mental Resistance (Ex) You gain a +4 bonus on saving throws against mind-affecting effects. 
Psychic Strike (Su) You can overwhelm the minds of those nearby. You can target one creature within 30 feet 
that you can see; that creature must succeed at a Will saving throw (DC = 10 + ½ your sorcerer level + 
your Charisma modifier) or it takes 1d6 points of damage + 1 point for every 2 sorcerer levels you 
possess and becomes shaken for 1 round. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + 
your Charisma modifier. 
Rejuvenation (Su) When destroyed through simple combat, Niscies’ spirit restores itself in 2d4 days inside her 
tomb. Even the most powerful spells are usually only temporary solutions. The only way to permanently 
lay Niscies to rest is to slay the demon lord who owns her soul with her rustic dagger. 
Telekinesis (Su) You can use telekinesis as a standard action once every 1d4 rounds. 
Undercasting Prodigy (Sp) Whenever you gain a new level of spells, you automatically replace any psychic 
bloodline spells that can be undercast with the highest-level version you can cast in your list of spells 
known. 