

Nives Burer 
“It is better to live a lie than to face a hard truth.” 
 
An ambitious (if somewhat naïve) young man from Ustalav, Nives Burer fled his home as 
a boy after his family discovered his sorcerous abilities and nearly killed him for it. 
Forever scarred by the experience of losing his family to misunderstanding and hate, he 
became self-conscious about his magical powers and was driven to find ways of 
concealing them from others. 
 
The young Burer wondered for years, manipulating others with his magic in order to 
survive before eventually finding himself in the nation of Razmiran, just south of Ustalav. 
There, he joined the Razmiran faith and sought to become a Razmiran priest, not out of 
any real love or loyalty for the Living God, but for the wealth and power he knew it could 
bring him. Not only did he find that his magic and natural skills of deception served him 
well, but that his powers were accepted and even desired by the Razmiran priesthood. He 
was quickly indoctrinated. 
 
Soon after his initiation, Burer came to realize that none of the other Razmiran priests had 
any actual divine talents at all and instead had to con their way to their success. (Burer himself continues to 
believe the Living God holds said powers in reserve for only his most devout servants.) Despite this revelation, 
Burer continued on as a Razmiran priest, living life as he had never lived it before. He continued to develop his 
abilities, both magical and mundane, and slowly grew into a master conman himself, proclaiming to cure blind 
people of their sightlessness. More often than not, these “poor victims of disease” were people whom he had 
personally blinded. In only a few short years, his talents even garnered the attention of the Living God, Razmir, 
himself. 
 
Over time, Burer discovered more and more of the evil underpinnings of his religion. Though he possessed no 
qualms against taking advantage of others for self-serving reasons, he became witness to kidnappings, murder, 
torture, and worse things within the shadows. Becoming incensed with the more sinister practices of the 
Razmiran faith despite the wealth and power it brought him, the disenchanted Burer began to seek a way out. 
The opportunity came to the young sorcerer when Razmir called upon Burer to join a holy quest to a foreign 
land to procure something called a sun orchid elixir. While journeying with his fellow acolytes, Burer was 
bitten by a viper and quickly succumbed to the snake’s potent venom. Soon after his death, his peers robbed 
him of his gold and jewelry, his bejeweled holy symbol, and left his corpse to rot in the sun. 
 
In truth, Burer had faked his own death before returning to relative anonymity in Ustalav. He knows full well 
that should his former colleagues ever determine the truth of his fate, he would quickly disappear into the 
Forgotten Track like so many others before him, or worse. Though he hates both the loss of his former life style 
and the intolerance his people show towards those with unusual magical ability, he found it preferable to the 
horrible things he was privy to in Razmiran. Ever the con artist at heart, however, Nives continues to deceive 
and manipulate, striving to regain some of the wealth and power he once held. 
   

Nives Burer 
Male human sorcerer 7 (Razmiran priest) 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +1; Senses familiar’s alertness; Perception –1 
Languages Common, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 15, touch 11, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +1 Dex); mage armor 
hp 54 plus false life (7 HD) 
Fort +5, Ref +3, Will +4 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee by weapon +2 
Ranged by weapon +4 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 7
th; Concentration +17) 
3rd  (5/day) – dispel magic
B, major image, nondetectionM, remove disease
B 
2nd (8/day) – acid arrow, aid
B, blindness/deafness, detect thoughts, false life, misdirection 
1st  (8/day) – charm person, mage armor, magic aura, magic missile, shield, ventriloquism, vocal 
alteration
UM 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, ghost sound, light, mending, message, prestidigitation 
Bloodline Arcane 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 12 (+1), Con 16 (+3), Int 12 (+1), Wis 8 (–1), Cha 24 (+11) 
Base Atk +3; CMB +2; CMD 13 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Cunning Caster
B, Deceitful, Eschew Materials, False Focus
B, Silent Spell, Still 
SpellB 
Skills Bluff +30, Diplomacy +25, Disguise +19 (+21 with disguise kit, +29 with conman’s mask, +31 with 
both), Knowledge (religion) +5, Spellcraft +9, Use Magic Device +17; Racial Bonuses +2 Bluff, +2 
Diplomacy 
SQ arcane bond (viper familiar), bloodline arcana, false piety, focused study, lay healer, metamagic 
adept (1/day), silver tongued, traits (fast talker, hedonistic, practiced deception, world traveler) 
Combat Gear potions (cure light wounds 16), spell tattoos (breakAPG 4, dimension door, disguise self, knock 
[CL 5
th]); Other Gear bribe money (1,500gp worth), conman’s mask (see below), disguise kit (10 uses), 
headband of alluring charisma +4, living garments, platinum holy symbol, tender (350gp) 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 14 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you apply a metamagic feat to a spell that increases the slot used by at least one 
level, increase the spell’s DC by +1. This bonus does not stack with itself and does not apply to spells 
modified by the Heighten Spell feat. 
False Piety (Ex) You gain Knowledge (religion) and Perform as class skills, but lose Appraise and Fly as class 
skills. You add half your sorcerer level to Use Magic Device checks to activate spell trigger and spell 
completion items that use divine spells. You gain False Focus as a bonus feat. In addition to replacing 
Appraise and Fly as class skills, this ability replaces your Eschew Materials bonus feat. 
Fast Talker You gain a +1 trait bonus on Bluff checks, and Bluff is always a class skill for you. 
Hedonistic You are a creature of pleasure and comfort. Whenever you spend a day without gaining reward or 
treasure (at least 10 or more gold pieces) or spending an hour on entertainment or pleasure, attempt a 
DC 20 Fortitude save at the end of that day. If you fail, you begin the next day fatigued. This fatigue 
lasts 4 hours, or until you receive a reward or sufficient entertainment or pleasure. 
Lay Healer (Su) You add aid to your list of spells known as a 2
nd-level spell and remove disease as a 3
rd-level 
spell.  

Metamagic Adept (Ex) Once per day you can apply any one metamagic feat you know to a spell you are about 
to cast without increasing the casting time. You must still expend a higher-level spell slot to cast this 
spell. 
Ongoing Spells You have used the magic aura spell to prevent all of your magical gear and tattoos from 
radiating magic (excluding your potions). Additionally, misdirection and nondetection further befuddle 
any attempts to divine truths about you, your familiar, or your gear. 
Practiced Deception You gain a +1 trait bonus on Disguise checks, and you can apply and remove a disguise in 
half the normal time. 
Silver Tongued You are often adept at subtle manipulation and putting even sworn foes at ease. You gain a +2 
bonus on Diplomacy and Bluff checks. In addition, when you use Diplomacy to shift a creature’s 
attitude, you can shift up to three steps up rather than just two. 
World Traveler You gain a +1 trait bonus on Diplomacy checks, and Diplomacy is always a class skill for you. 
 
CONMAN’S MASK 
Aura moderate illusion; CL 11th 
Slot head; Price 11,000gp; Weight 1 lb. 
DESCRIPTION 
A powerful tool of magical deception, this plain white porcelain mask is worth 50gp in workmanship alone and 
allows its wearer to alter her appearance at will, as per disguise self, grants its wearer a +3 competence bonus on 
all Charisma-based checks, and conceals the wearer’s emotions; granting an additional +2 competence bonus on 
Bluff checks (for a +5 total bonus). Like a hat of disguise, the conman’s mask may change its appearance to 
better suit a given disguise, even becoming invisible if necessary. 
CONSTRUCTION 
Requirements Craft Wondrous Item, veil; Cost 5,500gp 
     

Bijou 
Viper familiar 
N Tiny magical beast (augmented animal) 
Init +3; Senses low-light vision, scent; Perception +9 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Halfling, Orc; empathic link, 
speak with master, speak with reptiles 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 15, flat-footed 17 (+3 Dex, +5 natural, +2 size) 
hp 27 (7 HD) 
Fort +1, Ref +5, Will +6 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), climb 20 ft., swim 20 ft. 
Melee bite +8 (1d2–2 plus poison) or 
by spell +8 touch (as the spell) 
Ranged by weapon +8 
Space 2½ ft.; Reach 0 ft. 
Special Attacks deliver touch spells, poison 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 4 (–3), Dex 17 (+3), Con 8 (–1), Int 9 (–1), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 2 (–4) 
Base Atk +3; CMB +4; CMD 8 (can’t be tripped) 
Feats Weapon Finesse 
Skills Bluff +3, Climb +11, Diplomacy +3, Disguise +3, Linguistics +5, Perception +9, Spellcraft +2, Stealth 
+15, Swim +11; Racial Modifiers +4 Perception, +4 Stealth 
SQ alertness, empathic link, familiar traits, share spells, speak with master, speak with reptiles 
Encumbrance light 4 lb. 8 oz., medium 9 lb. 12 oz., heavy 15 lb.; Weight Carried 0 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alertness (Ex) While your familiar is within arm’s reach, you gain the Alertness feat. 
Deliver Touch Spells (Su) If you and your familiar are in contact at the time you cast a touch spell, you can 
designate your familiar as the toucher. Your familiar can then deliver the touch spell personally. As 
usual, if you cast another spell before the touch is delivered, the touch spell dissipates. 
Empathic Link (Su) Your familiar has an empathic link with you out to one mile. You cannot see through your 
familiar’s eyes, but the two of you can communicate empathically. Only general emotional content can 
be communicated. You have the same connection to an item or place that your familiar does. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, your familiar takes no damage if he makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if 
the saving throw fails. 
Poison (Ex) Bite—injury; save Fort DC 9; frequency 1/round for 6 rounds; effect 1d2 Con; cure 1 save. 
Share Spells You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your familiar (as a touch spell) instead of on 
yourself. You may cast spells on your familiar even if the spells do not normally affect creatures of the 
familiar’s type (magical beast). 
Speak With Master (Ex) You and your familiar may communicate verbally, using a private language no one 
else understands. 
 
Bijou serves Nives as an incredibly effective informant and spy, gathering information on those around them in 
order to better allow Nives to manipulate and deceive. When not tasked with such underhanded dealings, Bijou 
sleeps under the cover of Nives’ personal illusions and/or robes. It was Bijou who “bit” Nives, allowing him to 
trick his fellow acolytes into believing he had died from lethal doses of venom. 
 