

Noka Muun 
“You best move on out of my way if you know what’s good for ya’ darlin’.” 
 
An android refugee, Noka suffered for years at the hands of the relentless and 
savage  barbarian  tribes  and  their  anti-technology  doctrines,  as  well  as  at  the 
hands  of  the  ever-curious  mad  techno  surgeons  within  the  Technic  League. 
Escaping  captivity  more  than  once,  Noka  eventually  fled  west  from  the 
Numeria wastelands until there was no more land on which for him to run; then 
he just kept on going. Noka ultimately became a ruthless pirate, sailing his way 
southward  to  the  Shackles—a  personal  paradise  which  provided  him  ample 
opportunities to vent his bitter rage upon others. 
 
No dashing swashbuckler, Noka Muun might best be described as a dastard in 
search of a crime. Widely regarded as a cold-hearted villain, Noka is not well-
liked  by  anyone.  Lacking  the  charm  of  a  true  leader,  he  instead  relies  on 
intimidation and money to raise vicious gangs of cutthroat pirates and violent 
criminals for as long as he can hold onto them. When he’s able, he leads small fleets on pirate raids by land and 
sea; hires his ships out for mercenary contracts; and dabbles in assassination, extortion, ransom, and smuggling 
as well. The warrants that authorities and victims try to put out for his arrest (or death) frequently go unsigned 
thanks to a few well-placed bribes. 
 
Though much of his circuitry tattoos are concealed by body wraps and intricate gang tattoos, making him appear 
largely human, his glowing red cybernetic eye leaves no mistake that he isn’t altogether human—a mystery he 
often capitalizes on to better intimidate the superstitious thugs that commonly surround him. His ability to turn 
hapless victims into smoldering piles of ash with a powerful eye beam  certainly doesn’t serve to diminish his 
fearsome reputation either. 
 
Known  primarily  for  his  cold  personality  and  vicious  and  unpredictable  fighting  style,  Noka  has  grown 
increasingly infamous for his excessive cruelty. Many are the stories in which he slowly carved his prisoners with 
his many knives or choked the life out of them with his bare hands. However, he is most famous for his ability to 
perform an aerial tuck and roll maneuver, violently launching himself through the air like a cannon ball, knocking 
wayward victims aside like bowling pins. Many a sailor has drowned after suddenly being thrown from their ship 
by just such a charge—an ability granted to Noka by a second unseen cybernetic implant forced upon him by the 
mad techno surgeons within the Technic League in Numeria.   

Noka Muun 
Android brawler 9 
LE Medium humanoid (android) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +10 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Gnome 
DEFENSE 
AC 21, touch 15, flat-footed 16 (+6 armor, +3 Dex, +2 dodge) 
hp 97 (9 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +10, Will +4; +4 vs. mind-effecting, paralysis, poison, and stun 
effects 
Defensive Abilities constructed; Immune disease, emotion-based effects, 
exhaustion, fatigue, fear, poison, sleep 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +15/+10 (1d10+6) or 
unarmed strike +13/+13/+8/+8 (1d10+6) with Brawler’s Flurry 
Ranged mwk throwing knife +13/+8 (1d8+5/19-20) or 
mwk throwing knives +11/+11/+6/+6 (1d8+5/19-20) with Brawler’s Flurry 
Special Attacks brawler’s flurry (improved two-weapon fighting), brawler’s strike (cold iron, magic, silver), 
close weapon mastery (1d8), knockout 1/day (DC 19), maneuver training (grapple +2, bull rush +1), 
nanite surge +12, unarmed strike (1d10) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 20 (+5), Dex 16 (+3), Con 16 (+3), Int 12 (+1), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +14 (+21 bull rush [roll twice], +20 grapple); CMD 29 (34 vs. bull rush, 33 vs. grapple) 
Feats ChokeholdB, Dirty Fighting, Greater Bull Rush, Greater GrappleB, Improved Bull Rush, Improved 
Grapple
B, Improved Unarmed StrikeB, Power Attack (–3 attack; +3/+6/+9 damage), Quick Bull Rush 
Skills Acrobatics +14, Climb +16, Escape Artist +14, Intimidate +11, Perception +10, Profession (sailor) +7, 
Sense Motive –4, Swim +16; Armor Check Penalty –1; Racial Modifiers +2 Perception, –4 Sense 
Motive 
SQ brawler’s cunning, emotionless, martial flexibility 7/day (2 feats), martial training 
Combat Gear fuse grenades (12), tindertwigs (12); Other Gear +2 martial arts padding (as leather lamellar), 
amulet of mighty fists +1, bandolier, cloak of resistance +1, cybernetic eye laser (functionally identical 
to a minor crown of blasting, see below), cybernetic launch suite (functionally identical to pauldrons of 
the bull and a minotaur belt, see below), masterwork throwing knives (5, as daggers; each with versatile 
design [close] modification), tender (87gp, 5sp), wraps of the skilled maneuver (bull rush, as gauntlets of 
the same name) 
Encumbrance light 133 lb., medium 266 lb., heavy 400 lb.; Weight Carried 44 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
AC Bonus (Ex) While wearing light or no armor, you gain a +2 dodge bonus to AC and CMD. These bonuses 
to AC apply against touch attacks. You lose these bonuses while immobilized or helpless, wearing 
medium or heavy armor, using a shield, or carrying a medium or heavy load. 
Brawler’s Cunning (Ex) If your Intelligence score is less than 13, it counts as 13 for the purpose of meeting 
the prerequisites of combat feats. 
Brawler’s Flurry (Ex) You can make a brawler’s flurry as a full-attack action. When doing so, you have the 
Two-Weapon Fighting and Improved Two-Weapon Fighting feats when attacking with any combination 
of unarmed strikes, weapons from the close fighter weapon group, or weapons with the “monk” special 
feature. You do not need to use two different weapons to use this ability. You apply your full Strength 
modifier to your damage rolls for all attacks made with brawler’s flurry, whether the attacks are made 
with an off-hand weapon or a weapon wielded in both hands. You can substitute disarm, sunder, and trip 

combat maneuvers for unarmed attacks as part of brawler’s flurry. You can’t use natural weapons as part 
of brawler’s flurry, nor can you make natural weapon attacks in addition to your brawler’s flurry attacks. 
Brawler’s Strike (Ex) Your unarmed strikes are treated as cold iron, silver, magic weapons for the purpose of 
overcoming damage reduction. 
Close Weapon Mastery (Ex) Your damage with close weapons increases. When wielding a close weapon, you 
use the unarmed strike damage of a brawler 4 levels lower instead of the base damage for that weapon. 
If the weapon normally deals more damage than this, its damage is unchanged. This ability does not 
affect any other aspect of the weapon. You can decide to use the weapon’s base damage instead of your 
adjusted unarmed strike damage—this must be declared before the attack roll is made. 
Constructed (Ex) For the purposes of effects targeting creatures by type (such as a ranger’s favored enemy and 
bane weapons), you count as both a humanoid and a construct. You gain a +4 racial bonus on all saving 
throws against mind-affecting effects, paralysis, poison, and stun effects, are not subject to fatigue or 
exhaustion, and are immune to disease and sleep effects. You can never gain morale bonuses, and are 
immune to fear effects and all emotion-based effects. 
Emotionless (Ex) You have problems processing emotions properly, and thus take a –4 penalty on Sense 
Motive checks. 
Knockout (Ex) Once per day you can unleash a devastating attack that can instantly knock a target 
unconscious. You must announce this intent before making your attack roll. If you hit and the target 
takes damage from the blow, the target must succeed at a Fortitude saving throw (DC = 10 + ½ your 
brawler level + the higher of your Strength or Dexterity modifier) or fall unconscious for 1d6 rounds. 
Each round on its turn, the unconscious target may attempt a new saving throw to end the effect as a full 
round action that does not provoke attacks of opportunity. Creatures immune to critical hits or nonlethal 
damage are immune to this ability. 
Maneuver Training (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on combat maneuver checks when attempting to bull rush and a 
+2 bonus to your CMD when defending against bull rush combat maneuvers. You gain a similar bonus 
with grapple combat maneuvers, but only with a +1 bonus. 
Martial Flexibility (Ex) You can take a move action to gain the benefit of two combat feats you don’t possess, 
or a swift action to gain one combat feat you don’t possess. This effect lasts for 1 minute. You must 
meet all the feats’ prerequisites. You may use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + ½ your 
brawler level (minimum 1). You can use this ability again before the duration expires in order to replace 
one of your two combats feat with another choice. If a combat feat has a daily use limitation (such as 
Stunning Fist), any uses of that combat feat while using this ability count toward that feat’s daily limit. 
You may use one of these feats to meet a prerequisite of the second feat; doing so means that you cannot 
replace a feat currently fulfilling another’s prerequisite without also replacing those feats that require it. 
Each individual feat selected counts toward your daily uses of this ability. 
Martial Training (Ex) You count your total brawler levels as both fighter levels and monk levels for the 
purpose of qualifying for feats. You also count as both a fighter and a monk for feats and magic items 
that have different effects based on whether the character has levels in those classes (such as Stunning 
Fist and a monk’s robe). This ability does not automatically grant feats normally granted to fighters and 
monks based on class level, namely Stunning Fist. 
Nanite Surge (Ex) Your body is infused with nanites. Once per day as an immediate action, you can cause your 
nanites to surge, granting a bonus equal to 3 + your character level on any one d20 roll; this ability must 
be activated before the roll is made. When you use this power, your circuitry-tattoos glow with light 
equivalent to that of a torch for 1 round. 
Unarmed Strike You gain Improved Unarmed Strike as a bonus feat and deal increased unarmed strike damage 
ash shown above. You may attack with fists, elbows, knees, and feet. This means that you may make 
unarmed strikes with your hands full. You apply your full Strength modifier (not half) on damage rolls 
for all your unarmed strikes. Usually, your unarmed strikes deal lethal damage, but you can choose to 
deal nonlethal damage instead with no penalty on your attack roll. You have the same choice to deal 
lethal or nonlethal damage while grappling. Your unarmed strike is treated as both a manufactured 
weapon and a natural weapon for the purpose of spells and effects that modify either manufactured 
weapons or natural weapons. 

 
Unique Cybertech 
Noka makes use of several unique cybertech devices (shown in more detail below) that he had implanted before 
fleeing Numeria. Per the crafting rules of the Technology Guide, there’s no extra cost associated with 
technological items since they have extra weaknesses to go along with their advantages. The following 
cybertech items are essentially technological counterparts to existing magical items, and thus should be treated 
in all ways as their magical counterparts except where noted below and in the general rules for high-tech items 
found in the Technology Guide. 
 
CYBERNETIC EYE LASER 
Price 6,480 gp; Slot eyes; Weight 1 lb.; Install DC 28; Implantation 2 
A cybernetic eye laser allows its host to draw power from the sun and other passive sources to fire a powerful 
laser beam from their cybernetic eye. Once fired, the eye’s internal power reserves are exhausted and need time 
to recharge. On command, this implant projects a blast of searing light (3d8 points of damage) once per day. 
The cybernetic eye laser in no way impedes or enhances its host’s normal vision. 
 
The listed price, implantation value, and install DC are for having one such eye installed. Installing a pair of 
cybernetic eye lasers costs twice the price with double the listed implantation value and allows two such blasts 
each day. In this case, the implants simultaneously fire two half-powered beams, one from each eye, at the same 
target (requiring only one attack roll and dealing damage as above). 
 
Greater cybernetic eye lasers also exist, dealing 40 damage rather than 3d8. Greater cybernetic eye lasers have a 
base price of 23,760gp, and a crafting cost equal to half that. A cybernetic eye laser (or lasers) can be upgraded 
into its greater counterpart. Treat this as though the implant were being installed for the first time, but the cost is 
the difference between the greater variant and the standard one. 
CONSTRUCTION 
Craft DC 28; Cost 2,000 gp 
Craft Cybertech, cybernetics lab 
 
CYBERNETIC LAUNCH SUITE 
Price 21,000 gp; Slot body; Weight 10 lb.; Install DC 26; Implantation 8 
A cybernetic launch suite consists of cyberfiber muscles, weak antigravity generators, and a series of micro 
thrusters. It enhances the host’s strength and stability, and allows the user to launch themselves through the air 
with great force, easily knocking aside anyone in the way (without harm to the user of the implant). This suite 
grants the host a +2 enhancement bonus to Strength, and the ability to ignore difficult terrain while charging or 
making an overrun, bull rush, or trample attempt. When the host makes a bull rush combat maneuver, make the 
check twice and take the better result. Furthermore, the cybernetic launch suite grants a +2 enhancement bonus 
to CMD against bull rushes. 
CONSTRUCTION 
Craft DC 26; Cost 10,500 gp 
Craft Cybertech, cybernetics lab 