

Obrist Lang 
Male human fighter 3/magus 8 (mythic archmage 4, phalanx soldier, skirnir) 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +7; Senses Perception +11 
Languages Common, Goblin, Orc 
DEFENSE 
AC 36, touch 22, flat-footed 33 (+11 armor, +3 Dex, +3 natural, +9 shield) 
hp 115 (11 HD) 
Fort +16, Ref +10, Will +12 
Defensive Abilities hard to kill, mirror dodge 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares) 
Melee +3 keen naginata +20/+15 (1d8+11/19-20/×4) with one hand, or 
+3 keen naginata +17/+12 (1d8+17/19-20/×4) with one hand and 
Power Attack, or 
+3 keen naginata +20/+15 (1d8+15/19-20/×4) with two hands, or 
+3 keen naginata +17/+12 (1d8+24/19-20/×4) with two hands and Power Attack, or 
+5 heavy steel shield +18/+13 (1d4+8 plus vampiric touch) or 
+5 heavy steel shield +15/+10 (1d4+14 plus vampiric touch) with Power Attack 
Ranged chakram +11 (1d8+8) or 
chakram +13 (1d8+10) with Arcane Pool 
Space 5 ft., Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with naginata) 
Special Attacks arcane pool (7 points, +2 bonus), archmage arcana (mage strike), mythic power (11/day, surge 
+1d8), shielded spell combat, spellstrike 
Magus Spells Prepared (CL 8
th; Concentration +11) 
3rd  (2/day) – fly, haste 
2nd (4/day) – acid arrow, defensive shock
UM, mirror image, rime frostbite
UM 
1st  (8/day) – enlarge person, feather fall, frostbite
UM, obscuring mist, shocking grasp, silent image, true 
strike, vanishAPG 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, light, read magic 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 26 (+8), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 16 (+3), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +17 (+24 trip with naginata); CMD 29 (31 vs. trip) 
Feats Combat Expertise, Combat Reflexes
BM (infinite/round), Greater Shield FocusB, Greater Trip, Improved 
Shield Bash
B, Improved Trip, Power Attack
B (–3 attack, +3/+6/+9 damage), Rime Spell, Shield FocusBM 
Skills Knowledge (arcana) +17, Knowledge (dungeoneering) +17, Knowledge (planes) +17, Perception +11, 
Spellcraft +17, Survival +14; Armor Check Penalty –5 
SQ arcane bond (shield), arcane potency (magus), competent caster, crafting mastery, magus arcana 
(concentrate, enduring blade), medium armor, recuperation, shield pool, sorcerous shield, spellshield 
Gear +5 steel lamellar, +5 heavy steel shield (currently holding vampiric touch), +3 keen naginata, amulet of 
natural armor +3, belt of giant strength +4, chakram (10), cloak of resistance +5, construct guardians 
(2, see below), guard dog, pearls of power (1st 5, 2nd 2), spellbook (51 pages left), spell component 
pouch 
Spellbook 3rd—fly, haste, lightning bolt, vampiric touch; 2nd—acid arrow, defensive shock
UM, fire breathAPG, 
fog cloud, mirror image, scorching ray; 1st—enlarge person, feather fall, frostbite
UM, magic missile, 
obscuring mist, shocking grasp, silent image, true strike, unseen servant, vanishAPG; 0—all magus spells 
Encumbrance light 306 lb., medium 613 lb., heavy 920 lb.; Weight Carried 77 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Amazing Initiative (Ex) You gain a bonus on initiative checks equal to your mythic tier (included above). In 
addition, as a free action on your turn, you can expend one use of mythic power to take an additional 

standard action during that turn. This additional standard action can’t be used to cast a spell. You can’t 
gain an extra action in this way more than once per round. 
Arcane Bond (Su) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded shield worn or in hand, you must make a 
concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A bonded 
shield can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are capable of 
casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, including 
casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be modified by 
metamagic feats or other abilities. The magic properties of your bonded shield, including any magic 
abilities added to the object, only function for you. 
Arcane Pool (Su) You have a reservoir of mystical arcane energy that you can draw upon to fuel your powers 
and enhance your weapon or shield (which must be fueled independently of one another). This arcane 
pool has a number of points equal to ½ your magus level (minimum 1) + your Intelligence modifier. The 
pool refreshes once each day when you prepare your spells. You can expend 1 point from your arcane 
pool as a swift action to grant any weapon or shield you are holding a +2 enhancement bonus for 1 
minute. These bonuses can be added to the weapon or shield, stacking with existing enhancement to a 
maximum of +5. Multiple uses of this ability do not stack with themselves. These bonuses can be used 
to add any of the following weapon or shield properties: animated, arrow catching, arrow deflection, 
bashing, blinding, dancing, flaming, flaming burst, fortification (any), frost, icy burst, keen, reflecting, 
shock, shocking burst, speed, spell resistance (any), or vorpal. Adding these properties consumes an 
amount of bonus equal to the property’s cost. These properties are added to any the weapon already has, 
but duplicates do not stack. If the weapon is not magical, at least a +1 enhancement bonus must be 
added before any other properties can be added. These bonuses and properties are decided when the 
arcane pool point is spent and cannot be changed until the next time you use this ability. These bonuses 
do not function if the weapon is wielded by anyone other than you. You can only enhance one weapon 
in this way at one time. If you use this ability again, the first use immediately ends. 
Arcane Potency (Su) Choose one of your arcane spellcasting classes. You gain four bonus 1st-level arcane spell 
slots for that class (like the bonus spells gained from a high ability score). This ability doesn’t change 
your number of spells known. 
Competent Caster (Ex) You automatically succeed at concentration checks to cast arcane spells. This ability 
doesn’t apply to spells of the highest spell level you can cast. 
Concentrate (Ex) You can reroll any concentration check you have just made with a +4 bonus. You must use 
this ability after the roll is made, but before the roll’s outcome is determined. You must take the second 
roll, even if it is worse. You can use this ability once per day. 
Crafting Mastery (Ex) You can craft any magic item as if you had the necessary item creation feats. If you 
actually have the item creation feat needed for a magic item you’re crafting, whenever you attempt a 
skill check to create that item, roll twice and use the higher result, and you make twice as much progress 
on the item for any time spent. This ability does not reduce the item’s cost or any other requirements. 
Diminished Spellcasting A skirnir casts one fewer spell of each level than normal. If this reduces the number 
to 0, you may cast spells of that level only if your Intelligence allows bonus spells of that level. 
Enduring Blade (Su) Whenever you enchant your weapon or shield using your arcane pool, you may spend 1 
additional point from your arcane pool to increase the duration to 1 minute per magus level. 
Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 
hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Mage Strike (Su) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic power to make one melee attack. This is 
in addition to any other attacks you make this round. If you expend one arcane spell that you’ve 
prepared or arcane spell slot that you have available, you gain a bonus on the attack roll equal to double 
the spell’s or slot’s level, and the attack deals an additional 2d6 points of energy damage (your choice of 
acid, cold, electricity, or fire) per level of the spell or slot expended. The normal damage from this attack 
bypasses all damage reduction, but the energy damage is still affected by resistances and immunities. 

Medium Armor (Ex) You can cast magus spells while wearing light or medium armor without incurring the 
normal arcane spell failure chance. Like any other arcane spellcaster, when using a shield or wearing 
heavy armor you incur a chance of arcane spell failure if the spell in question has a somatic component. 
Mirror Dodge (Su) When hit by a melee or ranged attack, you can expend one use of mythic power as an 
immediate action to replace yourself with an illusory duplicate and teleport to any open square within 30 
feet of your current position. You take no damage from this attack, which instead destroys your illusory 
duplicate (similar to mirror image). Using this ability requires a line of effect to the square into which 
you teleport. 
Phalanx Fighting (Ex) When you wield a shield, you can use any polearm or spear of your size as a one-
handed weapon. 
Recuperation (Ex) You are restored to full hit points after 8 hours of rest so long as you aren’t dead. In 
addition, by expending one use of mythic power and resting for 1 hour, you regain a number of hit 
points equal to half your full hit points (up to a maximum of your full hit points) and regain the use of 
any class features that are limited to a certain number of uses per day (such as barbarian rage, bardic 
performance, spells per day, and so on). This rest is treated as 8 hours of sleep for such abilities. This 
rest doesn’t refresh uses of mythic power or any mythic abilities that are limited to a number of times 
per day. 
Shield Pool (Ex) As a free action, you may spend 1 point from your arcane pool to add your shield bonus to AC 
(not including enhancement bonuses) on a concentration check to cast defensively. You may also use a 
touch attack or shield bash with your shield in conjunction with any pool strike magus arcana. 
Shielded Spell Combat (Su) You learn to cast spells and wield your weapons at the same time. This functions 
much like two-weapon fighting, but the off-hand weapon is a spell that is being cast. To use this ability, 
you must have one hand holding a shield, while wielding a light or one-handed melee weapon in the 
other hand. As a full-round action, you can make all of your attacks with your melee weapon at a –2 
penalty and can also cast any spell from the magus spell list with a casting time of 1 standard action (any 
attack roll made as part of this spell also takes this penalty). If you cast this spell defensively, you can 
decide to take an additional penalty on your attack rolls, up to your Intelligence bonus, and add the same 
amount as a circumstance bonus on your concentration check. If the check fails, the spell is wasted, but 
the attacks still take the penalty. You can choose to cast the spell first or make the weapon attacks first, 
but if you have more than one attack, you cannot cast the spell between weapon attacks. You may use 
your shield hand to perform somatic components for magus spells, forfeiting the shield’s bonus to AC 
until the beginning of your next turn; if the bonded shield is a buckler, you retain its bonus to AC. 
Sorcerous Shield (Ex) You are proficient with all types of shields, including tower shields, and do not suffer an 
arcane spell failure chance when casting magus spells while using a shield. You treat your magus levels 
as fighter levels for the purpose of qualifying for shield-related feats. 
Spellshield (Su) As a standard action, you may store a magus spell in your shield by spending 1 point from 
your arcane pool per level of the spell. This functions as the spell storing weapon special ability, but 
activates only on a successful shield bash by you and is not limited to spells of 3rd level or less. 
Spellstrike (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with a range of “touch” from the magus spell list, you can deliver 
the spell through any weapon you are wielding as part of a melee attack. Instead of the free melee touch 
attack normally allowed to deliver the spell, you can make one free melee attack with your weapon (at 
your highest base attack bonus) as part of casting this spell. If successful, this melee attack deals its 
normal damage as well as the effects of the spell. If you make this attack in concert with spell combat, 
this melee attack takes all the penalties accrued by spell combat melee attacks. This attack uses the 
weapon’s critical range (20, 19–20, or 18–20 and modified by the keen weapon property or similar 
effects), but the spell effect only deals ×2 damage on a successful critical hit, while the weapon damage 
uses its own critical modifier. 
Stand Firm (Ex) You gain a +1 bonus to CMD against bull rush, overrun, and trip attempts. This bonus also 
applies on saves against trample attacks. 
Surge (Su) You can call upon your mythic power to overcome difficult challenges. You can expend one use of 
mythic power to increase any d20 roll you just made by rolling 1d8 and adding it to the result. Using this 

ability is an immediate action taken after the result of the original roll is revealed. This can change the 
outcome of the roll. 
 
Animated Steel Lamellar Armor 
Medium Animated Object 
N Medium construct 
Init +0; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception –5 
Languages obeys creator 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 10, flat-footed 18 (+6 natural, +2 shield) 
hp 36 (3 HD) 
Fort +1, Ref +1, Will –4 
Defensive Abilities hardness 10; Immune construct traits 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee mwk naginata +6 (1d8+3/×4) or 
slam +5 (1d6+3) or 
mwk heavy steel shield +6 (1d4+2) 
Space 5 ft., Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with naginata) 
Special Attacks weapon modifications (masterwork naginata, masterwork heavy steel shield) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14, Dex 10, Con –, Int –, Wis 1, Cha 1 
Base Atk +3; CMB +5; CMD 15 
SQ construction points (2 points: metal) 
Gear guard dog (set to defend construct), masterwork heavy steel shield, masterwork naginata 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 174 lb.; Weight Carried 24 lb. 
CONSTRUCTION 
Price 5,155gp; CL 11th; Requirements Craft Construct, animate objects; Skill Spellcraft or Craft (armor); Cost 
2,905gp 
 
 