

Pollivar “Caltrop” Mormont 
“I am so named for all those who dare tread upon me and find only pain.” 
 
Honor  is  strength.  It  is  a  maxim  that  Pollivar  Mormont  has  known  since 
birth, and one whose barbs he still feels deep in his flesh. Yet Mormont also 
knows a deeper truth: that just as a sword must bend to avoid breaking, so 
too must honor. And the more rigid the steel, the easier it shatters. 
 
Mormont was born a retainer on the estate of Lord Pollivar, on the outskirts 
of  Baslwief,  just  a  few  days’  ride  from  the  once  great  city  of  Korvosa  in 
southern Varisia. The son of the chief stable master and his wife, Mormont 
quickly proved just as proficient with the dangerous warhorses as his father, 
emulating their proud and fierce natures. 
 
It  was  while  accompanying  his  father  on  one  of  Lord  Pollivar’s  hunting 
expeditions  that  he  first  came  to  the  lord’s  attention.  At  eight  years  old, 
Mormont  was  assigned  the  honor  of  being  the  personal  attendant  to  the  lord’s  son,  Aomas,  assisting  the 
privileged child with his steed. All went well until the noble son, still new to riding, mishandled his mount and 
nearly  broke  his  neck  for  his  trouble.  The  furious  lordling  prepared  to  kill  the  horse  then  and  there,  but 
Mormont interceded, explaining the boy’s error. Enraged even further, Aomas began beating Mormont, drawing 
the attention of the rest of the hunting party. Though Mormont bowed low and accepted the savage blows of his 
master, he neither cried out nor begged for mercy. When Aomas finally tired, Lord Pollivar himself addressed 
the  bloody  servant  child,  asking  him  why  he  had  been  so  bold  as  to  correct  his  superior.  Without  faltering, 
Mormont bowed to the lord and said simply, “Because it was the truth.” 
 
From  that  point  on,  Lord  Pollivar  took  the  young  Mormont  under  his  wing,  frequently  assigning  him  duties 
within the manor house, engaging him as a companion for his son, and seeing to his education in matters both 
martial and intellectual. In time, Mormont grew to become a powerful warrior, rising to the position of head of 
security over the Pollivar holdings. When  Aomas died in a drunken duel at the age of twenty, thus depriving 
Lord  Pollivar  of  an  official  heir,  the  bereaved  lord  began  to  look  more  and  more  to  Mormont  as  a  son,  even 
allowing him to take the family name. 
 
Yet Aomas’ death was only the beginning of the Pollivar family’s misfortune. It was shortly after this episode 
that  the  Pollivar  estate  was  visited  by  Kane  Jeggare,  a  traveling  lord  and  government  official  with  a  position 
high in Cheliax. With considerably more prestige and official sway than Pollivar, Kane was received with full 
honors—yet it quickly became apparent that the guest was interested in more than just hospitality. Within a few 
days, Kane’s cunning insults, lewd advances toward Pollivar’s wife, and barely concealed challenges to Pollivar 
himself left Mormont’s lord with no choice. Honor forbade him from allowing the slights to stand unanswered, 
yet challenging a governmental superior was as good as a death sentence. 
 
In the end, honor  won  out,  just as  Kane  knew it would. Pollivar challenged  Kane  to  a duel,  and was quickly 
slain by the talented swordsman. In recompense for the “insult” Kane had suffered, the Korvosa courts allotted 
all the Pollivar holdings to  Kane. Pollivar’s widow, faced with the prospect of a dishonored existence among 
peasants, had no choice but to accept Kane’s proposal of marriage if she wanted to retain her position. 
 
Though the Pollivar guardsmen were bound by direct order of the court to honor their new arrangement—and 
plied with substantial gifts by their new master—Mormont saw the theft for what it was. Several nights later, 
having  watched  Kane’s  celebrating  guards  drink  themselves  into  unconsciousness,  Mormont  crept  into  his 
former  master’s  bedchamber  and  confronted  the  usurper  even  as  he  lay  sleeping  with  his  new  wife.  Though 
Kane screamed for his guards, in the end it became clear that his only option was to fight. Taking up the sword 
that Mormont tossed onto the bed, Kane did everything he could to kill the halfling quickly, yet Mormont would 

not be denied his revenge. At last, bleeding from several terrible wounds, Mormont succeeded in getting past 
the noble’s guard, ending his short-lived dominion over the Pollivar estate in a fine spray of blood. 
 
As  Kane  fell  to  the  floor,  pink  froth  spilling  from  his  lips,  Mormont  dropped  his  axe  and  knelt  beside  it. 
Knowing  that  to  attack  any  lord  in  this  manner—let  alone  the  man  the  government  considered  his  rightful 
master—would bring sure execution, he drew his dagger and prepared to die with his honor intact. 
 
A  hand  on  his  shoulder  stayed  his  blade.  When  Mormont  looked  up,  he  beheld  Lady  Pollivar—now  Lady 
Kane—in her dressing gown, its blue silk stained with the blood of her most recent husband. With tears in her 
eyes, she thanked Mormont for avenging Lord Pollivar and returning the estate to her control. Yet with her next 
breath,  she  condemned  him  forever.  Taking  his  hand  in  her  own—an  undreamed-of  show  of  affection  and 
familiarity—the  noblewoman  forbade  Mormont  from  taking  his  own  life.  Instead,  she  snuck  him  out  of  the 
manor and into a carriage bound for the west, with only a string of coins, his armor, and a command to live as 
best  he could.  When the morning sun rose, it found Mormont  on a caravan bound for the  quiet shores of the 
Lost Coast. 
 
Now in his mid-forties, Mormont is a hard man who keeps to himself. Though he has long since learned to hide 
his Chelish/Korvosian accent along with the secrets of his past, he remains terse by nature, feeling that everyone 
in his new home of Sandpoint speaks too much but says too little. He operates as a fearless and talented town 
watchman, the only profession left to him that still fills him with a small sense of honor, yet he refuses to bow 
to anyone regardless of status, saying only that he has had his fill of masters. 
 
Mormont is loyal to those few friends who can get past his stone-faced demeanor, yet remains secretly tortured 
by his  conflicting senses of honor. To continue living as a  murderer is  shameful,  yet  to deny  Lady Pollivar’s 
command would be equally shameful. With no clear answer, Mormont temporarily shelved the problem. 
 
Nearly  a  year  ago,  he  received  word  that  Lady  Pollivar  had  been  killed,  her  entire  estate  overrun  and  laid  to 
waste  by  giants  from  the  Fenwall  Mountains.  Seeking  answers  against  the  world’s  chaos  that  threatened  to 
swallow him up in despair—for he also lost his family in the attack—Pollivar devoted himself to Iomedae and 
has since become even more determined to master his chosen weapon, the axe. He rises early every morning to 
practice  combat  maneuvers  and  constantly  strives  to  master  new  techniques—particularly  those  known  to  be 
effective against giants and other large monsters. Excellence with his weapon has become almost symbolic to 
him; it represents excellence of character, the mending of a broken spirit. When he has achieved perfect mastery 
of the axe, he believes he will then be ready to move on from his disgrace and once again seek out the honor he 
once knew. 
 
Ultimately, he seeks his destiny in battle; deep in his heart, he harbors a secret hope: that perhaps one day he 
might  raise  an  army  of  champions  and  lead  it  over  the  Fenwall  Mountains,  rooting  out  the  giant  tribes  that 
raised his Lady’s estate and restoring the honor of himself, his adopted family, and the warrior’s code he feels 
he was born to uphold. 
 
 
VITAL STATISTICS 
Birthdate/Age Abadius 12, 4663 AR (44 years old)  Height 3 ft.  Eye Color Brown 
Ethnicity/Race Chelaxian Halfling  Weight 34 lb.  Hair Color Brown 
   

Pollivar “Caltrop” Mormont 
  

Male halfling fighter 1 
LG Small humanoid (halfling) 
Init +4; Senses Perception +0 
Languages Halfling, Taldane 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 15, flat-footed 18 (+5 armor, +4 Dex, +2 shield, +1 size); +1 
dodge bonus vs. larger creatures 
hp 12 (1 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +4, Will +0; +4 vs. fear, +1 vs. trample 
Defensive Abilities fearless, underfoot 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. when unencumbered/unarmored 
Melee battleaxe +4 (1d6+3*/×3) with one hand, or 
battleaxe +3 (1d6+5*/×3) with one-handed Power Attack, or 
battleaxe +4 (1d6+4*/×3) with two hands, or 
battleaxe +3 (1d6+6*/×3) with two-handed Power Attack, or 
sap +4 (1d4+2 nonlethal) or 
sap +3 (1d4+4 nonlethal) with Power Attack 
Ranged dagger +6 (1d3+3*/19-20) or 
javelin +6 (1d4+3*) or 
shortbow +6 (1d4+1*/×3) 
Special Attacks low blow 
* Includes +1 damage bonus for being sharpened with a whetstone. Lower damage by 1 after the first attack 
with any given weapon or arrow. 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 10 (+0), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 12 (+1) 
Base Atk +1; CMB +2; CMD 16 (17 vs. grapple/trip) 
Feats Power AttackB, Risky Striker 
Skills Climb +3, Stealth +5, Swim +3; Amor Check Penalty –3 (–5 with shield) 
SQ fleet of foot, traits (courageous, giant slayer) 
Combat Gear durable arrows (20); Other Gear battleaxe, brigandine armor (as kikko armor), compass, 
crowbar, dungeoneering kit (common, see below), guard dog (see below), heavy wooden shield, iron 
pot, javelins (6), mess kit (see below), pathfinder’s kit (see below), sap, shortbow, tender (30sp, 100cp) 
Encumbrance light 43 lb. 8 oz., medium 87 lb., heavy 131 lb. 4 oz.; Weight Carried 70 lb. 8 oz. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Courageous You receive a +2 trait bonus on saving throws against fear. 
Fearless You receive a +2 racial bonus on saving throws against fear. 
Fleet of Foot You have a base speed of 30 feet, rather than 20 feet. 
Giant Slayer You gain a +1 trait bonus on Bluff, Perception, and Sense Motive checks and +1 trait bonus on 
attack rolls and damage rolls against creatures of the giant subtype. 
Low Blow You gain a +1 bonus on critical confirmation rolls against opponents larger than yourself. 
Underfoot You gain a +1 dodge bonus to AC against foes larger than yourself (not included above) and a +1 
bonus on Reflex saving throws to avoid trample attacks. 
 
KIT BREAKDOWN 
In addition to your adventuring gear listed above, your kits also contain the following items: backpack, bedroll, 
belt pouch, bowl, candles (2), chalk, clay mug, cup, dagger, fishhooks (2), flint and steel, fork, hammer, hooded 
lantern, knife, pitons (4), oil flasks (5), plate, rope (hemp, 50 feet), sacks (2), sewing needle, signal whistle, 
spoon, string (50 feet), thread (50 feet), tindertwigs (4), torches (2), trail rations (7), waterskin, whetstone. 
 

Gristle 
  

Guard Dog 
N Small animal 
Init +1; Senses low-light vision, scent; Perception +8 
DEFENSE 
AC 13, touch 12, flat-footed 12 (+1 Dex, +1 natural, +1 size) 
hp 6 (1 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +3, Will +1 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee bite +2 (1d4+1) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 13 (+1), Dex 13 (+1), Con 15 (+2), Int 2 (–4), Wis 12 (+1), 
Cha 6 (–2) 
Base Atk +0; CMB +0; CMD 11 (15 vs. overrun and trip) 
Feats Skill Focus (perception) 
Skills Acrobatics  +1 (+9 jumping), Perception  +8, Survival  +1 (+5 scent tracking); Racial Modifiers +4 
Acrobatics when jumping, +4 Survival when tracking by scent 
SQ tricks (attack, come, defend, down, guard, heel) 
Possessions animal harness 
Encumbrance light 50 lb., medium 100 lb., heavy 150 lb.; Weight Carried 2 lb. 
 