

Raijin Perun 
Male human aerokineticist 12 
LN Medium humanoid 
Init +7; Senses Perception +20 
Languages Auran, Common, Draconic 
DEFENSE 
AC 29, touch 20, flat-footed 22 (+5 armor, +2 deflection, +7 Dex, +1 insight, 
+1 natural, +3 shield) 
hp 168 (12 HD); maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +15, Ref +17, Will +8; +2 vs. very hot conditions, severe heat, breath 
weapons, and cloud vapors and gases 
Resist electricity 2 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 60 ft. (good) 
Melee air blade +17/+12 (6d6+11 bludgeoning) or 
electric blade +17/+12 touch (6d6+2 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blade +17/+12 (12d6+19 half bludgeoning, half electricity) 
Ranged air blast +18 (6d6+1d8+11 bludgeoning) or 
electric blast +18 touch (7d6+2 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blast +18 (12d6+1d8+19 half bludgeoning, half electricity) 
Special Attacks elemental overflow +4, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower, maximize) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 12
th or CL 18
th vs. SR; Concentration +17) 
Defense – enveloping winds (30% miss chance) 
Infusions – chain (3 burn), extended range (1 burn), extreme range (2 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), 
snake (2 burn), thundering infusion (1 burn, Fort DC 21 negates) 
Kinetic Blasts – air blast, electric blast, thunderstorm blast (2 burn) 
Utility – air cushion, air’s reach, basic aerokinesis, greater windsight, ride the blast, windsight, wings of 
air 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 7 (–2), Dex 24 (+7), Con 20 (+5), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 12 (+1) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +7 (+16 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 27 
Feats Greater Spell Penetration, Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot, Spell Penetration, Weapon Finesse, Weapon 
Focus (kinetic blast) 
Skills Acrobatics +22, Fly +28, Heal +17, Intimidate +16, Perception +20, Stealth +22, Use Magic Device +16 
SQ basic aerokinesis, burn (4 points/round, maximum 8), expanded element (air), gather power, infusion 
specialization 3, internal buffer 2, supercharge, unstoppable magic 
Combat Gear wand of cloud shape
ARG (14 charges), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear +2 
buckler, +3 eel hide leather armor, amulet of natural armor +1, belt of physical might +4 (Dexterity, 
Constitution), bracers of falcon’s aim, dusty rose prism ioun stone (placed in diadem), lesser kineticist’s 
diadem, muleback cords, ring of protection +2, tender (335gp), vest of resistance +2 (as cloak of 
resistance) 
Encumbrance light 76 lb., medium 153 lb., heavy 230 lb.; Weight Carried 27 lb. 6 oz. (excluding tender)   

Raijin Perun (with elemental overflow) 
As above, except as follows… 
Init +9; Senses Perception +20 
DEFENSE 
hp 180 plus 5 burn (12 HD) 
Fort +16, Ref +19, Will +8; +2 vs. very hot conditions, severe heat, breath 
weapons, and cloud vapors and gases 
Defensive Abilities enveloping winds (55% miss chance), fortification (25% 
negation); Resist electricity 2 
OFFENSE 
Melee air blade +23/+18 (6d6+12 bludgeoning) or 
electric blade +23/+18 touch (6d6+3 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blade +23/+18 (12d6+18 half bludgeoning, half electricity) 
Ranged air blast +24 (6d6+1d8+21 bludgeoning) or 
electric blast +24 touch (7d6+11 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blast +24 (12d6+1d8+26 half bludgeoning, half electricity) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 12
th or CL 18
th vs. SR; Concentration +17) 
Defense – enveloping winds (base 30% miss chance) 
Infusions – chain (3 burn), extended range (1 burn), extreme range (2 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), 
snake (2 burn), thundering infusion (1 burn, Fort DC 22 negates) 
Kinetic Blasts – air blast, electric blast, thunderstorm blast (2 burn) 
Utility – air cushion, air’s reach, basic aerokinesis, greater windsight, ride the blast, windsight, wings of 
air 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 9 (–1), Dex 28 (+9), Con 22 (+6), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 12 (+1) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +7 (+18 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 30 
Skills Acrobatics +24, Fly +30, Heal +17, Intimidate +16, Perception +20, Stealth +24, Use Magic Device +16 
SQ basic aerokinesis, burn (4 points/round, maximum 9), expanded element (air), gather power, infusion 
specialization 3, internal buffer 2, supercharge, unstoppable magic 
Encumbrance light 86 lb., medium 173 lb., heavy 260 lb.; Weight Carried 30 lb. 6 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Burn (Ex) Some of your wild talents allow you to accept burn in exchange for a greater effect, while others 
require you to accept a certain amount of burn to use that talent at all. For each point of burn you accept, 
you take 1 point of nonlethal damage per character level. This damage can’t be healed by any means 
other than getting a full night’s rest, which removes all burn and associated nonlethal damage. Nonlethal 
damage from burn can’t be reduced or redirected, and if you are incapable of taking nonlethal damage 
then you can’t accept burn. You can accept only 4 points of burn per round. You can’t choose to accept 
burn if it would put your total number of points of burn higher than 3 + you Constitution modifier 
(though you can be forced to accept more burn from a source outside your control). Whilst you possess 
burn you can never benefit from abilities that allow you to ignore or alter the affects you receive from 
nonlethal damage. 
Elemental Defense (Su) You have the following defense wild talent. 
Enveloping Winds: You constantly surround yourself with a whirling torrent of air, crackling arcs of 
lightning, or both to protect yourself from ranged attacks. All ranged attacks made with physical 
weapons suffer a 30% miss chance against you, except for attacks from massive weapons such as a 
giant’s thrown boulder or a ballista. This ability has no effect on ray attacks. By accepting 1 point of 
burn, you can increase the miss chance by 5% until the next time your burn is removed. You can 
continue to accept points of burn to increase the miss chance further, up to a maximum of 75%. 
Whenever you accept burn while using an air wild talent, the energy surging through you causes your 

enveloping winds to also affect non-physical ranged attacks such as ray attacks for 1 round. You can 
dismiss or restore this effect as an immediate action. 
Elemental Overflow (Ex) Your body surges with energy from your element whenever you accept burn, 
causing you to glow with a nimbus of fire, weep water from your pores, or experience some other 
thematic effect. You receive a bonus on your attack rolls with kinetic blasts equal to the total number of 
points of burn you currently possess, to a maximum bonus of +1 for every 3 kineticist levels you 
possess. You also receive a bonus on damage rolls with your kinetic blast equal to double the bonus on 
attack rolls. You can suppress the visual effects of elemental overflow by concentrating for 1 full round, 
but doing so suppresses all of this ability’s other benefits, as well. The next time you use any wild talent, 
the visual effects and benefits return instantly. As your body becomes more and more suffused with your 
element, you begin to gain more powerful benefits. Whenever you possess at least 3 points of burn, you 
gain a +2 size bonus to two physical ability scores of your choice. Whenever you have at least 5 points 
of burn, these bonuses increase to a +4 size bonus to one physical ability score of your choice and a +2 
size bonus to each of your other two physical ability scores. You also gain a chance to ignore the effects 
of a critical hit or sneak attack equal to 5% × your current number of points of burn. 
Gather Power (Su) If you have both hands free you can gather energy or elemental matter as a move action. 
Gathering power creates an extremely loud, visible display in a 20-foot radius centered on you, as the 
energy or matter swirls around you. Gathering power in this way allows you to reduce the total burn cost 
of a blast wild talent you use in the same round by 1 point. You can instead gather power for 1 full 
round in order to reduce the total burn cost of a blast wild talent used on your next turn by 2 points (to a 
minimum of 0 points). If you do so, you can also gather power as a move action during your next turn to 
reduce the burn cost by a total of 3 points. If you take damage during or after gathering power and 
before using the kinetic blast that releases it, you must succeed at a concentration check (DC = 10 + 
damage taken + effective spell level of your kinetic blast) or lose the energy in a wild surge that forces 
you to accept a number of points of burn equal to the number of points by which your gathered power 
would have reduced the burn cost. This ability can never reduce the burn cost of a wild talent below 0 
points. 
Infusion Specialization (Ex) Whenever you use one or more infusions with a blast, you reduce the combined 
burn cost of the infusions by 3. This can’t reduce the total cost of the infusions used below 0. 
Infusions (Su) The following infusions alter your blasts. You can apply at most one form infusion and one 
substance infusion to your blasts. 
Chain (form): Your electric blast leaps from target to target. When you hit a target with your infused 
blast, you can attempt a ranged touch attack against an additional target that is within 30 feet of the first. 
Each additional attack originates from the previous target, which could alter cover and other conditions. 
Each additional target takes 1d6 fewer points of damage than the last, and you can’t chain the blast back 
to a previous target. You can continue chaining your blasts until a blast misses or fails to deal damage, 
or until your blast is reduced to a single damage die. 
Extended Range (form): Your kinetic blast can strike any target within 120 feet. 
Extreme Range (form): Your kinetic blast can strike any target within 480 feet. 
Kinetic Blade (form): By accepting 1 point of burn you form a weapon using your kinetic abilities. 
You create a non-reach, light or one-handed weapon in your hand formed of pure energy or elemental 
matter. The kinetic blade’s shape is purely cosmetic and doesn’t affect the damage dice, critical threat 
range, or critical multiplier of the kinetic blade, nor does it grant the kinetic blade any weapon special 
features. You can use this form infusion once as part of an attack action, a charge action, or a full-attack 
action in order to make melee attacks with your kinetic blade. Since it’s part of another action (and isn’t 
an action itself), using this wild talent doesn’t provoke any additional attacks of opportunity. The kinetic 
blade deals your kinetic blast damage on each hit (applying any modifiers to your kinetic blast’s damage 
as normal, but not your Strength modifier). The blade disappears at the end of your turn. The weapon 
deals the same damage type that your kinetic blast deals, and it interacts with Armor Class and spell 
resistance as normal for a blast of its type. The kinetic blade doesn’t add the damage bonus from 
elemental overflow. 

Snake (form): You have fine control over your kinetic blast, allowing you to alter its path to avoid 
obstacles. You can trace out any path no more than 120 feet long for your blast, potentially allowing you 
to avoid cover (even total cover). You can choose a path that leads into squares you cannot see. 
Thundering Infusion (substance): Your lightning brings with it a peal of thunder. Whenever your 
infused blast hits a foe and penetrates spell resistance, that foe becomes deafened, even if the blast 
doesn’t deal damage. 
Internal Buffer (Su) You possess an internal buffer with which to store extra energy. The buffer starts empty 
and doesn’t replenish each day, but you can accept 1 point of burn to add 1 point to the buffer as a 
full-round action, to a maximum of 2 points total. Once you add points to your buffer, they remain 
indefinitely until you spend them. When you would otherwise accept burn, you can spend 1 point from 
your buffer to avoid accepting 1 point of burn. You cannot spend more than 1 point from your buffer in 
this way for a single wild talent. Points spent from the internal buffer don’t activate elemental overflow 
or add to its effects. Similarly, this buffer can be used to exceed the limit on the number of points of 
burn you can accept in a single turn. 
Kinetic Blast (Sp) As a standard action, you can unleash a kinetic blast at a single target up to a range of 30 
feet. You must have at least one hand free to aim the blast. All damage from a kinetic blast is treated as 
magic for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. Kinetic blasts count as a type of weapon for the 
purpose of feats such as Weapon Focus. You are never considered to be wielding or gripping the kinetic 
blast (regardless of effects from form infusions), and you can’t use Vital Strike feats with kinetic blasts. 
Even the weakest kinetic blast involves a sizable mass of elemental matter or energy, so kinetic blasts 
always deal full damage to swarms of any size (though only area blasts deal extra damage to swarms). A 
readied kinetic blast can be used to counterspell any spell of equal or lower level that shares its 
descriptor. A kinetic blast that deals energy damage of any type (including force) has the corresponding 
descriptor. 
Metakinesis (Su) You gain the ability to alter your kinetic blasts as if with metamagic feats by accepting burn. 
By accepting 1 point of burn, you can empower your kinetic blast (as if using Empower Spell), or by 
accepting 2 points of burn, you can maximize your kinetic blast as if using Maximize Spell. 
Supercharge (Su) When using gather power as a move action, you can reduce the total burn cost of a single 
wild talent by 2 points instead of 1. When using gather power for 1 full round, you can reduce the burn 
cost of a single wild talent by 3 points instead of 2. 
Unstoppable Magic You gain a +2 racial bonus on caster level checks against spell resistance.  
Utility You have the following utility wild talents. 
Air Cushion (Sp): You cushion a fall from any height. You are constantly under the effects of feather 
fall, and you count as one size category larger for the purpose of determining how you are affected by 
wind. 
Air’s Reach (Su): When using air blasts, air wild talents, or composite blasts that include air, double 
the blast’s effective range. This effect applies after altering the range due to effects such as the extended 
range infusion. This doubles only the blast’s effective range, not the area of effect for infusions like 
cloud and cyclone. 
Basic Aerokinesis (Sp): You can create a light breeze that blows against a creature or object from a 
direction of your choice that follows the target wherever it goes. The breeze grants the subject a +2 
bonus on saves against very hot conditions, severe heat, breath weapons, and cloud vapors and gases 
(such as cloudkill, stinking cloud, and inhaled poisons). This wild talent doesn’t function without air or 
while underwater. You can have only one such breeze active at any one time. 
You can also use your aerokinesis to make it harder to detect you or others by scent. You can 
designate a number of creatures or objects equal to your Constitution bonus. These creatures and objects 
always count as being downwind for the purpose of determining the distance at which they can be 
detected by scent. This effect lasts for 1 hour or until you use basic aerokinesis again, whichever comes 
first. 
Ride the Blast (Sp): You can use this wild talent as part of activating a kinetic blast other than 
telekinetic blast. You transform yourself into your element or energy and send yourself along with your 
kinetic blast. You appear at the end of the blast’s path, adjacent to the blast’s target (or final target, for 

form infusions like chain) or at the center of the burst or spread for form infusions like explosion. This 
ability doesn’t work with form infusions that involve melee attacks (such as kinetic blade) or that use a 
cone shape (such as spray). 
Windsight (Su): You can see through mist and fog (including fog cloud and similar magic). In areas 
of moderate or stronger wind, you can see and hear as if you were standing at both your own position 
and a position a number of feet in the wind’s direction equal to the wind’s speed in miles per hour, 
potentially allowing you to see around corners and other obstacles. 
Windsight, Greater (Su): You can send a slight breeze in a path up to 480 feet long and then back to 
where you wait. This allows you to use your windsight wild talent to catch a quick glimpse and hear a 
tiny snippet from any location that could be reached by the wind traveling that distance (the wind’s path 
can’t pass through openings smaller than 1 inch in diameter). The breeze travels 100 feet per round, so 
what you see and hear is delayed by 1 round for every 50 feet of the path. If you spend at least 10 
minutes to set up a steady flow of wind, you can concentrate for up to 1 minute per level to gain 
continuous visual and auditory information for as long as you concentrate, delayed by 1 round for every 
100 feet the wind travels (since the steady flow of wind has to travel only one way). While there is no 
invisible sensor to detect with this ability, creatures along the path of the breeze may notice a light wind, 
though it may not seem out of the ordinary. 
Wings of Air (Sp): The air bends to your will, allowing you to soar to great heights. You are 
constantly under the effects of fly. If this effect is dispelled, you can call it forth again as a standard 
action. 