

Revin Bitter (aka The Raven King) 
“My methods are a means to an end, no different than pruning weeds in order 
to let an orchid flourish. Those who stand in the way of my vision oppose me 
because they fear me, but more than that they fear what I represent: change.” 
 
Revin is a man of unnatural birth, a man of prophecy, and a man of vision. 
During the Age of Darkness a curious Elohim visited a clan of darkfolk 
cultists that had long lived under the ash clouds of Golarion. The cultists 
came to worship “the Great Beyonder” as their living god. In front of a 
thousand witnesses, the Elohim created Revin from the bone of a raven and 
the flesh of a sour, blue fruit. The cultists took this as fulfillment of a 
thousand year old prophecy and hailed the infant newborn as their new lord 
and leader—a blessing from their god who was destined to bring about 
everlasting paradise for their people. Just as mysteriously as the Elohim had 
arrived, it disappeared again, abandoning the cult to their wayward beliefs. 
 
Emboldened by the Elohim’s brief appearance, the cult successfully executed a vicious coup, wresting control 
of their lands from its current leaders, and setting the stage for the methodical genocide of all nonbelievers 
within their kingdom over the next one-hundred years. Soon after this violent revolution ended, Revin came of 
age and took the throne. The darkfolk flourished as they never had under Revin Bitter’s benevolent rule. 
 
Raised to believe in the divine right of kings in general, and in his own divinity in particular, Revin grew up 
with the proverbial silver spoon in his mouth. As a boy, he showed remarkable affinity for both physical 
activities—especially the martial pursuits—and the ins and outs of courtly etiquette and intrigue. Though both 
traits made him quite popular with the young girls of his realm, Revin’s wealth and natural abilities also gave 
him an excessively healthy sense of self-importance, a personality flaw that would forever force him to keep his 
own people at arm’s length—even his longtime companion, Hollymorel Arroway. Despite his apparent 
indifference, Revin is a capable and wise ruler who cares a great deal for the wellbeing of the people entrusted 
to him by the Great Beyonder. His uncanny leadership skills and the absolute dominion he holds over his 
subjects served to bring his darkfolk out of barbarism and into the realm of laws and culture, a fact for which 
they love him. 
 
Tragedy struck in –4294 AR when the skies finally cleared of the dust from Earthfall allowing light to reach 
Golarion’s surface once more. The drastic environmental changes that followed dramatically effected the 
surface-fairing darkfolk, causing them to slowly starve. Revin’s health in particular was acutely effected, 
causing him to fall ill, eventually becoming comatose. For the first time since his rise to power, his kingdom fell 
into despair, as much for the apparent loss of their leader as they were for their own suffering. This time period 
would later be known as the beginning of the Age of Anguish. 
 
After nearly a thousand years of absence, the Great Beyonder heard the cries of grief of Revin’s people and 
returned to them. Every last citizen was then lead from their ruined kingdom under the accursed sun, and taken 
far beyond the stars where no light could ever reach them. Though the journey took thousands of years, for 
Revin’s people, it seemed as if but an instant. As before, once the Beyonder finished its task, it simply 
abandoned them without so much as an explanation. 
 
Now stranded on the Plane of Shadow and completely oblivious to the passing of time, Revin’s people were 
forced to eke out a living in a land wholly alien to them. Though Revin recovered from his ordeal and resumed 
rule over his people, it was clear to him that he was no longer immortal and would eventually age and die just 
like the rest of his subjects—a secret known only to his friend and caretaker, Lady Arroway. The fear that the 
widespread knowledge of his newfound mortality would once again plunge his people into chaos has made 

Revin desperate to secure a promising future for his people at any cost, even if it means taking back their 
homeland from its current inhabitants on the Material Plane and enveloping it in an everlasting darkness. 
 
Revin Bitter 
Male human fighter 8/shadowdancer 10 (mythic trickster 8) 
LN Medium humanoid 
Init +21; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +27 
Languages Aklo, Auran, Common, Dark Folk, Sylvan, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 51, touch 30, flat-footed 37 (+11 armor, +5 deflection, +13 Dex, +1 
dodge, +1 insight, +4 natural, +6 shield); Mobility 
hp 227 (18 HD) 
Fort +19, Ref +26, Will +17; +3 vs. fear 
Defensive Abilities alien resistance, bravery +3, defensive roll, enduring 
armor, hard to kill, improved evasion, improved uncanny dodge, 
mirror dodge, mythic saving throws, shadow master, slippery mind, 
unstoppable, unusual anatomy 50%; DR 10/– in dim light; SR 32 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +5 agile adamantine rapier +37/+32/+27 (1d6+23/15-20/×3 plus 2d6+8 bleed) 
Ranged +5 adaptive composite longbow +32/+27/+22 (1d8+7/×3) or 
acidic ray +28 touch (1d6+11 acid) 
Special Attacks trickster attack (fleet charge), mythic power (19/day, surge +1d10), weapon training (light 
blades +3) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 10
th, except where noted; Concentration +17) 
10/day – acidic ray (CL 22
nd) 
5/day – silent image (DC 18) 
4/day – greater shadow conjuration (DC 24) 
3/day – plane shift (CL 16
th) 
2/day – shadow evocation (DC 22) 
1/day – raven form (CL 18
th), tengu wings (CL 18
th) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 36 (+13), Con 18 (+4), Int 20 (+5), Wis 22 (+6), Cha 24 (+10) 
Base Atk +15; CMB +17 (+28 with Weapon Finesse, +37 with rapier); CMD 47 (54 vs. rapier, 49 vs. bow) 
Feats Bleeding Critical
M, Combat Reflexes
B, Critical Focus
M, Dodge, Eldritch Heritage (aberrant), Extra Path 
Ability
M, Greater Eldritch Heritage (alien resistance), Improved Critical (rapierBM), Improved Eldritch 
Heritage (unusual anatomy), Leadership (base 29 / cohort 28 / followers 30), Mobility
B, Racial Heritage 
(tenguB), Skill FocusB (acrobatics, knowledge: dungeoneering, stealth), Spring AttackB, Tengu Raven 
Form, Tengu Wings, Weapon Finesse
B, Weapon Focus (rapier
B), Weapon Specialization (rapier
B) 
Skills Acrobatics +40, Appraise +13, Bluff +31, Climb +10, Craft (all) +13, Diplomacy +36, Disable Device 
+21, Disguise +18, Escape Artist +34, Fly +21, Handle Animal +18, Heal +14, Intimidate +31, 
Knowledge (dungeoneering) +24, Knowledge (nobility) +20, Knowledge (others) +13, Linguistics +13, 
Perception +27, Perform (dance) +23, Perform (others) +18, Sense Motive +24, Sleight of Hand +34, 
Spellcraft +13, Stealth +40, Survival +14, Swim +10, Use Magic Device +18 
SQ amazing initiative, armor training 3, class mimic, farwalker (2), focused study, force of will, good 
fortune 1/day, hide in plain sight (dim light), master dilettante, path dabbling (enduring armor), perfect 
lie, perfect mimic (DC 25), recuperation, rogue talents (combat trick, finesse rogue, weapon training), 
shadow jump (340 feet/day), shadow master, summon shadow, vanishing move 
Combat Gear durable arrows (60); Gear +5 adaptive composite longbow, +5 agile adamantine rapier, +5 
buckler, amulet of natural armor +4, belt of physical perfection +6, boots of teleportation, cloak of 
resistance +5, gloves of dueling, headband of mental superiority +6 (bluff, diplomacy, intimidate), 

jewelry (worth 4,000gp), luck blade (1 wish), ring of friend shield, ring of protection +5, robe of arcane 
heritage, royal crown (functions as a circlet of persuasion and a dusty rose prism ioun stone), sash of the 
war champion, Suzerain scepter, tender (60pp) 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 175 lb.; Weight Carried 35 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Acidic Ray (Sp) You can fire an acidic ray as a standard action, targeting any foe within 30 feet as a ranged 
touch attack. The acidic ray deals 1d6 points of acid damage + 1 for every two effective sorcerer levels 
you possess. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. 
Alien Resistance (Su) You gain spell resistance equal to your effective sorcerer level + 10. 
Amazing Initiative (Ex) You gain a bonus on initiative checks equal to your mythic tier (included above). In 
addition, as a free action on your turn, you can expend one use of mythic power to take an additional 
standard action during that turn. This additional standard action can’t be used to cast a spell. You can’t 
gain an extra action in this way more than once per round. 
Armor Training (Ex) Whenever you are wearing armor, you reduce the armor check penalty by 3 (to a 
minimum of 0) and increase the maximum Dexterity bonus allowed by your armor by 3. In addition, you 
can also move at your normal speed while wearing medium or heavy armor. 
Class Mimic (Su) As a standard action, you can expend one use of mythic power and touch a willing creature 
to copy one of that creature’s class features. You gain the use of this class feature for 10 minutes per tier, 
using the level of the creature touched as your level for any effects based on level. You can’t copy an 
ability that has a limited number of uses per day (such as rage, smite evil, or spellcasting) or an ability 
that involves a companion (such as eidolon, hunter’s bond, or nature bond). You can have only one use 
of this ability in effect at one time. If you use this ability again, any previous use immediately ends. You 
can’t copy the same ability more than once per day. 
Darkvision (Ex) You gain darkvision out to a range of 60 feet. If you already have darkvision, the range 
increases by 30 feet. 
Defensive Roll (Ex) You can roll with a potentially lethal blow to take less damage from it than you otherwise 
would. Once per day, when you would be reduced to 0 or fewer hit points by damage in combat (from a 
weapon or other blow, not a spell or special ability), you can attempt to roll with the damage. To use this 
ability, you must attempt a Reflex saving throw (DC = damage dealt). If the save succeeds, you take 
only half damage from the blow; if it fails, you take full damage. You must be aware of the attack and 
able to react to it in order to execute your defensive roll—if you are denied your Dexterity bonus to AC, 
you can’t use this ability. Since this effect would not normally allow a character to make a Reflex save 
for half damage, your evasion ability does not apply to the defensive roll. 
Enduring Armor (Su) You are protected by armor made of force. This armor grants you an armor bonus to AC 
equal to 3 + your tier. This ability is an abjuration effect with a spell level equal to your tier. If this 
armor is dispelled or otherwise ended, you can reactivate it as a swift action. 
Fleet Charge (Ex) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic 
power to move up to your speed. At any point during this movement, 
you can make a single melee or ranged attack at your highest attack 
bonus, adding your tier to the attack roll. This is in addition to any 
other attacks you make this round. Damage from this attack bypasses 
all damage reduction. 
Force of Will (Ex) You can exert your will to force events to unfold as you 
would like. As an immediate action, you can expend one use of 
mythic power to reroll a d20 roll you just made, or force any non-
mythic creature to reroll a d20 roll it just made. You can use this 
ability after the results are revealed. Whoever rerolls a roll must take 
the result of the second roll, even if it is lower. 
Good Fortune You may reroll one roll you just made, before the results are 
revealed, once per day. You lose this ability if you are ever parted 
from your luck blade. 

Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 
hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Hide in Plain Sight (Su) You can use the Stealth skill even while being observed. As long as you are within 10 
feet of an area of dim light, you can hide yourself from view in the open without anything to actually 
hide behind. You cannot, however, hide in your own shadow. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) You take no damage at all on successful saving throws against attacks that allow a 
Reflex saving throw for half damage. What’s more, you take only half damage even if you fail your 
saving throw. 
Improved Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You cannot be caught flat-footed, even if the attacker is invisible. You still 
lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. You can still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if an 
opponent successfully uses the feint action against you, however. Additionally, you can no longer be 
flanked. This defense denies a rogue the ability to sneak attack you by flanking you, unless the attacker 
has at least four more rogue levels than you have levels in classes with uncanny dodge. 
Master Dilettante (Ex) You are passingly familiar with almost every subject and have dabbled in numerous 
fields and activities. You gain a competence bonus equal to your tier on all untrained skill checks. You 
can attempt all skill checks untrained, even if the skill normally cannot be used untrained. 
Mirror Dodge (Su) When hit by a melee or ranged attack, you can expend one use of mythic power as an 
immediate action to replace yourself with an illusory duplicate and teleport to any open square within 30 
feet of your current position. You take no damage from this attack, which instead destroys your illusory 
duplicate (similar to mirror image). Using this ability requires a line of effect to the square into which 
you teleport. 
Mythic Saving Throws (Ex) Whenever you succeed at a saving throw against a spell or special ability, you 
suffer no effects as long as that ability didn’t come from a mythic source (such as a creature with a 
mythic tier or mythic ranks). If you fail a saving throw that results from a mythic source, you take the 
full effects as normal. 
Perfect Lie (Ex) When telling a lie, you can expend one use of mythic power to make the lie indiscernible from 
the truth by both Sense Motive and magic. Obvious proof of your falsehood still reveals the lie for what 
it is, but in absence of proof, those who hear your lie believe it. 
Perfect Mimic (Su) You can use the Disguise skill as a full-round action. When you attempt to impersonate a 
specific person, those familiar with the individual receive only half the normal bonus from familiarity to 
see through your disguise. If you expend one use of mythic power when creating a disguise to 
impersonate an individual, you can read that creature’s mind as if using detect thoughts with a range of 1 
mile. This allows you to better mimic the individual, granting you a further +10 bonus on opposed 
Disguise skill checks. The target of your impersonation receives a Will saving throw (DC 10 + your tier 
+ your Charisma modifier) to negate the detect thoughts aspect of this ability. 
Recuperation (Ex) You are restored to full hit points after 8 hours of rest so long as you aren’t dead. In 
addition, by expending one use of mythic power and resting for 1 hour, you regain a number of hit 
points equal to half your full hit points (up to a maximum of your full hit points) and regain the use of 
any class features that are limited to a certain number of uses per day (such as barbarian rage, bardic 
performance, spells per day, and so on). This rest is treated as 8 hours of sleep for such abilities. This 
rest doesn’t refresh uses of mythic power or any mythic abilities that are limited to a number of times 
per day. 
Shadow Call (Sp) You can create creatures and effects out of raw shadow. This ability functions as greater 
shadow conjuration, using your shadowdancer level as the caster level. You can use this ability four 
times per day. The DC for this ability is Charisma-based. 
Shadow Illusion (Sp) You can create visual illusions. This ability functions as silent image, using your 
shadowdancer level as the caster level. You can use this ability five times per day. The DC for this 
ability is Charisma-based. 

Shadow Jump (Su) You gain the ability to travel between shadows as if by means of a dimension door spell. 
The limitation is that the magical transport must begin and end in an area with at least some dim light. 
You can jump up to a total of 320 feet each day in this way. This amount can be split among many 
jumps, but each one, no matter how small, counts as a 10-foot increment. 
Shadow Master (Su) Whenever you are in an area of dim light, you gain DR 10/– and a +2 luck bonus on all 
saving throws. In addition, whenever you successfully score a critical hit against a foe who is in an area 
of dim light, that foe is blinded for 1d6 rounds. 
Shadow Power (Sp) You can use raw shadow to damage your foes. This ability functions as shadow evocation, 
using your shadowdancer level as the caster level. You can use this ability twice per day. The DC for 
this ability is Charisma-based. 
Shield Other Due to your ring of friend shield, you are constantly under the effect of shield other. Therefore, 
any time you would suffer hit point damage, you only take half the normal amount. The ring’s mate is in 
the possession of Lady Arroway (see below), and it is she who takes the remaining half of your hit point 
damage. 
Slippery Mind (Ex) This ability represents your ability to wriggle free from magical effects that would 
otherwise control or compel you. If you are affected by an enchantment spell or effect and fail your 
saving throw, you can attempt it again 1 round later at the same DC. You get only this one extra chance 
to succeed on your saving throw. 
Summon Shadow (Su) You can summon a shadow, an undead shade. Unlike a normal shadow, this shadow’s 
alignment matches yours, and the creature cannot create spawn. The summoned shadow receives a +4 
bonus on Will saves made to halve the damage from positive channeled energy and the shadow cannot 
be turned or commanded. This shadow serves as a companion to you and can communicate intelligibly 
with you. This shadow has a number of hit points equal to half your total. The shadow uses your base 
attack bonus and base save bonuses. If a shadow companion is destroyed, or you choose to dismiss it, 
you must attempt a DC 15 Fortitude save. If the saving throw fails, you gain one permanent negative 
level. A successful saving throw avoids this negative level. A destroyed or dismissed shadow companion 
cannot be replaced for 30 days. 
Surge (Su) You can call upon your mythic power to overcome difficult challenges. You can expend one use of 
mythic power to increase any d20 roll you just made by rolling 1d10 and adding it to the result. Using 
this ability is an immediate action taken after the result of the original roll is revealed. This can change 
the outcome of the roll. 
Unstoppable (Ex) You can expend one use of mythic power as a free action to immediately end any one of the 
following conditions currently affecting you: bleed, blind, confused, cowering, dazed, dazzled, 
deafened, entangled, exhausted, fascinated, fatigued, frightened, nauseated, panicked, paralyzed, shaken, 
sickened, staggered, or stunned. All other conditions and effects remain, even those resulting from the 
same spell or effect that caused the selected condition. You can use this ability at the start of your turn 
even if a condition would prevent you from acting. 
Unusual Anatomy (Ex) You have a 50% chance to ignore any critical hit or sneak attack scored against you. 
Vanishing Move (Su) As a swift action, you can make yourself invisible until the end of your turn. This effect 
ends if you do anything other than move. If you expend one use of mythic power when using this ability, 
it instead acts as greater invisibility using double your tier as your caster level. 
Weapon Training (Ex) You receive a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls when using light blades, to any 
combat maneuver checks made with light blades, and to 
your Combat Maneuver Defense when defending against 
disarm and sunder attempts made against light blades. 
   

Hollymorel Arroway (aka Lady Arroway) 
“You are in the presence of your lord and master. Speak so that your idle tongue does not waste his time 
further—lest you lose it.” 
 
Hollymorel is the great, great, great granddaughter of the darkfolk’s cult leader at the time of Revin’s 
incarnation. Groomed from birth to serve and protect her lord, she has become the closest thing Revin has to a 
friend and queen, even though they never married. Lady Arroway is fanatically loyal to Revin and, though she 
was always meant to be his companion and would give her life to fulfill his wishes, he treats her with cold 
indifference at worst, and as a caring brother would treat a naïve younger sister at best. 
 
Hollymorel Arroway 
Female fetchling cleric 16 (cloistered cleric, merciful healer) 
N Medium outsider (native) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +5 
Languages Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Draconic, 
Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnome, Gnoll, Halfling, Ignan, Infernal, 
Sylvan, Terran, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 40, touch 19, flat-footed 37 (+11 armor, +5 deflection, +3 Dex, +1 
insight, +4 natural, +6 shield) 
hp 136 (16 HD) 
Fort +18, Ref +13, Will +20 
Defensive Abilities shadow blending, shadowy resistance; Resist cold 5, 
electricity 5 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee staff of shadows +15/+10/+5 (1d6+3) with greater magic weapon 
Ranged by weapon +14 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 16
th; Concentration +19) 
1/day – memory lapseAPG, shadow walk (self only), plane shift (self only, material/shadow plane only) 
Cleric Spells Prepared (CL 16
th; Concentration +21) 
8
th (2/day) – mass cure critical wounds
D, summon monster VIII 
7th (3/day) – regenerate
D, greater scrying, repulsion 
6th (3/day) – banishment, healD (2) 
5th (5/day) – break enchantmentD, breath of life, greater forbid actionUM, spell resistance, true seeing
M, 
4th (5/day) – blessing of fervorAPG, communal protection from energyUC, greater magic weapon, 
neutralize poison
D, tongues 
3rd (5/day) – create food and water, cure serious woundsD, invisibility purge, prayer, remove 
blindness/deafness 
2nd (5/day) – remove disease
D, remove paralysis, shatter, silence, status 
1st (6/day) – comprehend languages, cure light woundsD, deathwatch, diagnose disease
UM, remove fear, 
remove sickness
UM 
0 (at will) – detect poison, guidance, read magic 
Domain Healing (restoration) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 16 (+3), Con 16 (+3), Int 13 (+1), Wis 21 (+5), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +12; CMB +11; CMD 30 
Feats Contingent Channeling, Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, Craft Staff, Extra Channel 
(2), Forge Ring, Scribe ScrollB, Selective Channeling 

Skills Acrobatics +2 (–1 when jumping), Diplomacy +22, Heal +24, Knowledge (history) +20, Knowledge 
(local) +20, Knowledge (planes) +11, Knowledge (the others) +9, Linguistics +20, Spellcraft +20, 
Stealth +4; Armor Check Penalty –1 (excluding climb and jump); Racial Bonuses +2 Knowledge 
(planes), +2 Stealth 
SQ aura of good (overwhelming), channel positive energy 10/day (10d6 healing), healer’s blessing, merciful 
healing (exhausted, fatigued, nauseated, sickened), restorative touch 8/day, skilled, spontaneous casting 
(cure spells) 
Combat Gear divine spell scrolls (cure light wounds 10, heal 6), staff of shadows (darkness [1 charge], lunar 
veilUM [2 charges], CL 13th; doubles as a masterwork quarterstaff); Other Gear +5 glamered mithral 
agile breastplate, +5 mithral buckler, amulet of natural armor +5, bejeweled belt pendent (worth 
1,500gp; subject of a refuge spell, calls the Raven King), belt of physical might +4 (dexterity, 
constitution), cloak of resistance +5, healer’s ribbon (acts as a headband of inspired wisdom +4, a dusty 
rose prism ioun stone, and a phylactery of positive channeling, worn as a hair ribbon), jewelry (worth 
500gp), ring of friend shield, ring of protection +5 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 23 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Aura of Good (Ex) You have a particularly powerful aura corresponding to your deity’s alignment (see the 
detect evil spell for details). 
Breadth of Knowledge You gain a bonus on Knowledge skill checks equal to half your class level (minimum 
+1, included above) and can make Knowledge skill checks untrained. 
Channel Energy (Su) You can release waves of positive energy by channeling the power of your faith through 
your holy symbol. This energy can be used to cause or heal damage, depending on the type of energy 
channeled and the creatures targeted. Channeling energy causes a burst that affects all living in a 30-foot 
radius centered on you. The amount of healing is equal to 1d6 points of damage plus 1d6 points of 
damage for every two cleric levels beyond 1
st. Creatures healed by channeled energy cannot exceed their 
maximum hit point total—all excess healing is lost. You may channel energy a number of times per day 
equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. This is a standard action that does not provoke an attack of 
opportunity. You can choose whether or not to include yourself in this effect. You must be able to 
present her holy symbol to use this ability. 
Combat Medic (Ex) You do not provoke attacks of opportunity when using the Heal skill to stabilize another 
creature or when casting healing spells. 
Healer’s Blessing (Su) All of your cure spells are treated as if they were empowered, increasing the amount of 
damage healed by half (+50%). This does not apply to damage dealt to undead with a cure spell. This 
does not stack with the Empower Spell metamagic feat. 
Merciful Healing (Su) You can channel positive energy to relieve one or more harmful conditions. When you 
channel energy you can remove the exhausted, fatigued, nauseated or sickened conditions from up to 
three living creatures that you heal within your channel energy burst. Feats and effects that affect a 
paladin’s mercy also affect this ability. 
Restorative Touch (Su) You can touch a creature, letting the healing power of your deity flow through you to 
relieve the creature of a minor condition. Your touch can remove the dazed, fatigued, shaken, sickened, 
or staggered condition. You choose which condition is removed. You can use this ability a number of 
times per day equal to 3 + your Wisdom modifier. 
Shadow Blending (Su) Attacks against you in dim light have a 50% miss chance instead of the normal 20% 
miss chance. This ability does not grant total concealment; it just increases the miss chance. 
True Healer (Su) When you channel holy energy, you can choose to apply the benefits of merciful healing or 
to reroll any 1s when determining how much damage you heal with the holy energy. You must choose 
which benefit to take before you roll to see how much damage you heal. 
Verbal Instruction (Ex) You can use the aid another action to assist an ally within 30 feet on a skill or ability 
check. The ally must be able to hear and understand your instructions. For every three cleric levels 
beyond 3rd, you can instruct one additional ally. If all allies are not engaged in the same task, using this 
ability is a full-round action rather than a standard action. 

Well-Read (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on skill checks, caster level checks, and saving throws if such rolls 
pertain to mundane or magical glyphs, runes, scrolls, symbols, and other writings (not included above). 
 
Umbravan (aka The King’s Shadow) 
“Your life hangs by a mere thread to be cut short by my master’s command!” 
 
Umbravan is the literal living manifestation of the Raven King’s shadow, brought forth by Revin’s strange 
powers to seek out and slay any enemies that would threaten him or his kingdom. 
 
Umbravan 
Shadow Companion 
LN Medium undead (incorporeal) 
Init +2; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +8 
DEFENSE 
AC 15, touch 15, flat-footed 12 (+2 deflection, +2 Dex, +1 dodge) 
hp 97 (3 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +9, Will +6; +4 vs. positive channeled energy 
Defensive Abilities incorporeal, channel resistance +2; Immune undead 
traits 
OFFENSE 
Speed fly 40 ft. (good) 
Melee incorporeal touch +17 touch (1d6 strength damage) 
Ranged by weapon +17 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str –, Dex 14 (+2), Con –, Int 6 (–2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 15 (+2) 
Base Atk +15; CMB +17; CMD 29 
Feats Dodge, Skill Focus (perception) 
Skills Fly +11, Perception +8, Stealth +8 (+12 in dim light, +4 in bright light); Racial Bonuses +4 Stealth in 
dim light (–4 in bright light) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Strength Damage (Su) A shadow’s touch deals 1d6 points of Strength damage to a living creature. This is a 
negative energy effect. A creature dies if this Strength damage equals or exceeds its actual Strength 
score. 
 
Other Minions: The Raven King’s other followers generally stay within his kingdom and handle his personal 
affairs while he is away, leaving the plane of shadow only when called upon. They primarily consist of 
fetchling rogues and clerics (often trained in the arts of fleshwarping) as well as other darkfolk. 
However, King Revin is often accompanied by a retinue of four battle mage and four battle monk 
bodyguards (as presented in the NPC Gallery in the GameMastery Guide). 