

Rellik 
Male human brawler 6/assassin 1 (snakebite striker) 
LE Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses Perception +12 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnoll, Gnome, Goblin, 
Hafling, Orc, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 17, flat-footed 16 (+4 armor, +1 deflection, +4 Dex, +2 dodge, +1 
natural) 
hp 68 (7 HD) 
Fort +7, Ref +10, Will +4 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee assassin’s blade +13/+8 (1d6+4 plus poison) or 
assassin’s blade +11/+11/+6 (1d6+4 plus poison) with Brawler’s Flurry, 
or 
unarmed strike +10/+5 (1d8+2 plus poison) or 
unarmed strike +8/+8/+3 (1d8+2 plus poison) with Brawler’s Flurry 
Ranged +1 composite shortbow +11/+6 (1d6+3 plus poison/×3) 
Special Attacks brawler’s flurry (two-weapon fighting), brawler’s strike (magic), close weapon mastery (1d6), 
death attack (DC 17, 1d6+1 rounds), knockout 1/day (DC 17), snake feint, sneak attack +4d6 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 16 (+3), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +8 (+10 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 25 
SQ brawler’s cunning, martial training, poison use 
Feats Ability Focus (death attack), Accomplished Sneak Attacker, Adder Strike, Dodge
B, Improved Unarmed 
Strike
B, Master Alchemist, Weapon Finesse
B, Weapon Focus (punching dagger
B) 
Skills Acrobatics +14, Bluff +10, Craft (alchemy) +13, Disable Device +11 (improvised tools), Disguise +10, 
Linguistics +13, Perception +12, Sleight of Hand +14, Stealth +14 
Combat Gear arrows (20), poisons (blue whinnis 10, large scorpion venom 15), smokesticks (3); Other 
Gear +1 composite shortbow (+2 strength), +1 studded leather armor, amulet of natural armor +1, 
assassin’s blade (as assassin’s dagger, but is a spiked gauntlet), belt of incredible dexterity +2, ring of 
protection +1, tindertwigs (24) 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 175 lb.; Weight Carried 29 lb. 8 oz. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
AC Bonus (Ex) While wearing light or no armor, you gain a +2 dodge bonus to AC and CMD. These bonuses 
to AC apply against touch attacks. You lose these bonuses while immobilized or helpless, wearing 
medium or heavy armor, using a shield, or carrying a medium or heavy load. 
Brawler’s Cunning (Ex) If your Intelligence score is less than 13, it counts as 13 for the purpose of meeting 
the prerequisites of combat feats. 
Brawler’s Flurry (Ex) You can make a brawler’s flurry as a full-attack action. When doing so, you have the 
Two-Weapon Fighting feat when attacking with any combination of unarmed strikes, weapons from the 
close fighter weapon group, or weapons with the “monk” special feature. You do not need to use two 
different weapons to use this ability. You apply your full Strength modifier to your damage rolls for all 
attacks made with brawler’s flurry, whether the attacks are made with an off-hand weapon or a weapon 
wielded in both hands. You can substitute disarm, sunder, and trip combat maneuvers for unarmed 
attacks as part of brawler’s flurry. You can’t use natural weapons as part of brawler’s flurry, nor can you 
make natural weapon attacks in addition to your brawler’s flurry attacks. 
Brawler’s Strike (Ex) Your unarmed strikes are treated as magic weapons for the purpose of overcoming 
damage reduction. 

Close Weapon Mastery (Ex) Your damage with close weapons increases. When wielding a close weapon, you 
use the unarmed strike damage of a brawler 4 levels lower instead of the base damage for that weapon. 
If the weapon normally deals more damage than this, its damage is unchanged. This ability does not 
affect any other aspect of the weapon. You can decide to use the weapon’s base damage instead of your 
adjusted unarmed strike damage—this must be declared before the attack roll is made. 
Death Attack (Ex) If you study your victim for 3 rounds and then make a sneak attack with a melee weapon 
that successfully deals damage, the sneak attack has the additional effect of possibly either paralyzing or 
killing the target (your choice). Studying the victim is a standard action. The death attack fails if the 
target detects you or recognizes you as an enemy (although the attack might still be a sneak attack if the 
target is denied his Dexterity bonus to his Armor Class or is flanked). If the victim of such a death attack 
fails a Fortitude save (DC 17) against the kill effect, they die. If the saving throw fails against the 
paralysis effect, the victim is rendered helpless and unable to act for 1d6+2 rounds. If the victim’s 
saving throw succeeds, the attack is just a normal sneak attack. Once you have completed the 3 rounds 
of study, you must make the death attack within the next 3 rounds. If a death attack is attempted and 
fails (the victim makes their save) or if you do not launch the attack within 3 rounds of completing the 
study, 3 new rounds of study are required before you can attempt another death attack. 
Knockout (Ex) Once per day you can unleash a devastating attack that can instantly knock a target 
unconscious. You must announce this intent before making your attack roll. If you hit and the target 
takes damage from the blow, the target must succeed at a Fortitude saving throw (DC = 10 + ½ your 
brawler level + the higher of your Strength or Dexterity modifier) or fall unconscious for 1d6 rounds. 
Each round on its turn, the unconscious target may attempt a new saving throw to end the effect as a full 
round action that does not provoke attacks of opportunity. Creatures immune to critical hits or nonlethal 
damage are immune to this ability. 
Martial Training (Ex) You count your total brawler levels as both fighter levels and monk levels for the 
purpose of qualifying for feats. You also count as both a fighter and a monk for feats and magic items 
that have different effects based on whether the character has levels in those classes (such as Stunning 
Fist and a monk’s robe). This ability does not automatically grant feats normally granted to fighters and 
monks based on class level, namely Stunning Fist. 
Poison Use You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying poison 
to a weapon. 
Poison Blue whinnis—injury; save Fort DC 14, frequency 1/round for 2 rounds, effect 1 Con/unconsciousness 
1d3 hours, cure 1 save. 
Snake Feint (Ex) When you use a standard action to feint you can move as part of that action. If you are able to 
feint as a move action (such as from having the Improved Feint feat), you can feint and move in the 
same action. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 4d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Unarmed Strike You gain Improved Unarmed Strike as a bonus feat. Your attacks may be with fist, elbows, 
knees, and feet. This means that you may make unarmed strikes with his hands full. There is no such 
thing as an off-hand attack for you. You may apply your full Strength bonus on damage rolls for all of 
your unarmed strikes. Usually your unarmed strikes deal lethal damage, but you can choose to deal 
nonlethal damage instead with no penalty on your attack roll. You have the same choice to deal lethal or 
nonlethal damage while grappling. Your unarmed strike is treated as both a manufactured weapon and a 
natural weapon for the purpose of spells and effects that enhance or improve either manufactured 

weapons or natural weapons. You deal more damage with your unarmed strikes than a normal person 
would, as shown above. 