

Rellik 
Male human monk 5/assassin 2 (martial artist) 
LE Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses Perception +12 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnoll, 
Gnome, Goblin, Hafling, Orc, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 20, flat-footed 17 (+1 armor, +1 deflection, +4 
Dex, +1 dodge, +2 monk, +1 natural, +2 Wis) 
hp 58 (7 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +10, Will +8; +1 vs. poison 
Defensive Abilities deflect arrows, evasion, uncanny dodge; 
Immunities fatigue 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee short sword +8 (1d6+2/19-20 plus poison), or 
unarmed +9 (1d10+2 plus poison), or 
unarmed +9/+9 (1d10+2 plus poison) with Flurry of Blows 
Ranged shuriken +9 (1d2+2 plus poison), or 
shuriken +9/+9 (1d2+2 plus poison) with Flurry of Blows 
Special Attacks death attack (DC 17, 1d6+2 rounds), exploit weakness, flurry of blows, pain points, sneak 
attack +1d6, stunning fist (6/day, DC 16) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 16 (+3), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +4; CMB +10; CMD 24 
SQ fast movement, high jump +5, maneuver training, martial arts master, poison use 
Feats Ability Focus (death attack), Adder Strike, Deflect ArrowsB, DodgeB, Improved Unarmed Strike
B, Master 
Alchemist, Stunning FistB, Weapon Finesse
B, Weapon Focus (unarmed) 
Skills Acrobatics +14 (+19 when jumping), Bluff +10, Craft (alchemy) +13, Disable Device +11 (improvised 
tools), Disguise +10, Linguistics +13, Perception +12, Sleight of Hand +14, Stealth +14 
Combat Gear blue whinnis poison (10), masterwork shuriken (10), smokesticks (2); Other Gear amulet of 
natural armor +1, belt of incredible dexterity +2, bracers of armor +1, monk’s robe, ring of protection 
+1, short sword, tindertwigs (24) 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 175 lb.; Weight Carried 7 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
AC Bonus (Ex) When unarmored and unencumbered, you add your Wisdom bonus +1 to your AC and your 
CMD (included above). These bonuses to AC apply even against touch attacks or when you are flat-
footed. You lose these bonuses when you are immobilized or helpless, when you wear any armor, or 
when you carry a shield or medium or greater load. 
Death Attack (Ex) If you study your victim for 3 rounds and then make a sneak attack with a melee weapon 
that successfully deals damage, the sneak attack has the additional effect of possibly either paralyzing or 
killing the target (your choice). Studying the victim is a standard action. The death attack fails if the 
target detects you or recognizes you as an enemy (although the attack might still be a sneak attack if the 
target is denied his Dexterity bonus to his Armor Class or is flanked). If the victim of such a death attack 
fails a Fortitude save (DC 17) against the kill effect, they die. If the saving throw fails against the 
paralysis effect, the victim is rendered helpless and unable to act for 1d6+2 rounds. If the victim’s 
saving throw succeeds, the attack is just a normal sneak attack. Once you have completed the 3 rounds 
of study, you must make the death attack within the next 3 rounds. If a death attack is attempted and 
fails (the victim makes their save) or if you do not launch the attack within 3 rounds of completing the 
study, 3 new rounds of study are required before you can attempt another death attack. 

Evasion (Ex) If you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage 
on a successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light 
armor or no armor. If you are helpless, you do not gain the benefit of evasion. 
Exploit Weakness (Ex) As a swift action, you can observe a creature or object to find its weak point by making 
a Wisdom check and adding your monk level against a DC of 10 + the object’s hardness or the target’s 
CR. If the check succeeds, you gain a +2 bonus on attack rolls until the end of your turn, and any attacks 
you make until the end of your turn ignore the creature or object’s DR or hardness. You may instead use 
this ability as a swift action to analyze the movements and expressions of one creature within 30 feet, 
granting a bonus on Sense Motive checks and Reflex saves and a dodge bonus to AC against that 
opponent equal to ½ your monk level until the start of your next turn. 
Extreme Endurance (Ex) You gain immunity to fatigue. 
Fast Movement (Ex) You gain a +10 ft. enhancement bonus to your land speed (included above). You lose this 
extra speed if in armor or carrying a medium or heavy load. 
Flurry of Blows (Ex) You can make a flurry of blows as a full-attack action. When doing so you may make one 
additional attack using any combination of unarmed strikes or attacks with a special monk weapon 
(kama, nunchaku, quarterstaff, sai, shuriken, and siangham) as if using the Two-Weapon Fighting feat 
(even if you do not meet the prerequisites for the feat). For the purpose of these attacks, your base attack 
bonus is equal to your monk level. For all other purposes, such as qualifying for a feat or a prestige 
class, you use your normal base attack bonus. 
High Jump (Ex) You add your monk level to all Acrobatics checks made to jump, both for vertical jumps and 
horizontal jumps (included above). In addition, you always count as having a running start when making 
jump checks using Acrobatics. By spending 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action, you gain a +20 
bonus on Acrobatics checks made to jump for 1 round. 
Maneuver Training (Ex) You use your monk level in place of your base attack bonus when calculating your 
Combat Maneuver Bonus (included above). Base attack bonuses granted from other classes are 
unaffected and are added normally. 
Martial Arts Master (Ex) You may use your monk level to qualify for feats with a fighter level prerequisite 
when those feats are applied to unarmed strikes or weapons with the monk special quality. 
Pain Points (Ex) Your advanced knowledge of humanoid anatomy grants a +1 bonus on critical hit 
confirmation rolls and increases the DC of your stunning fist and quivering palm by 1. 
Poison Use You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying poison 
to a blade. 
Poison Blue whinnis—injury; save Fort DC 14, frequency 1/round for 2 rounds, effect 1 Con/unconsciousness 
1d3 hours, cure 1 save. 
Save Bonus against Poison You gain a +1 saving throw bonus against poisons (included above). 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals 1d6 extra damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Should you 
score a critical hit with a sneak attack, this extra damage is not multiplied. Ranged attacks can count as 
sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (like a sap, 
whip, or an unarmed strike), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack, 
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with 
concealment. 
Stunning Fist (Ex) You gain Stunning Fist as a bonus feat, even if you do not meet the prerequisites. You also 
gain the ability to fatigue the target of your Stunning Fist. This condition replaces stunning the target for 
1 round, and a successful saving throw still negates the effect. You must choose which condition will 
apply before the attack roll is made. These effects do not stack with themselves (a creature fatigued by 
Stunning Fist cannot become exhausted if hit by Stunning Fist again), but additional hits do increase the 
duration. 
Unarmed Strike You gain Improved Unarmed Strike as a bonus feat. Your attacks may be with fist, elbows, 
knees, and feet. This means that you may make unarmed strikes with his hands full. There is no such 

thing as an off-hand attack for you. You may apply your full Strength bonus on damage rolls for all of 
your unarmed strikes. Usually your unarmed strikes deal lethal damage, but you can choose to deal 
nonlethal damage instead with no penalty on your attack roll. You have the same choice to deal lethal or 
nonlethal damage while grappling. Your unarmed strike is treated as both a manufactured weapon and a 
natural weapon for the purpose of spells and effects that enhance or improve either manufactured 
weapons or natural weapons. You deal more damage with your unarmed strikes than a normal person 
would, as shown above. 
Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You retain your Dexterity bonus to AC even if you are caught flat-footed or struck by an 
invisible attacker. However, you still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. 
 