

Remy 
Male human unchained rogue 3/sorcerer 4/arcane trickster 2 
NE Medium humanoid 
Init +3; Senses trapfinding; Perception +14 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Halfling, Orc 
DEFENSE 
AC 17, touch 13, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +3 Dex); mage armor 
hp 65 (9 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +11, Will +11 
Defensive Abilities danger sense +1, evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 rapier +9 (1d6+4/18-20) or 
corrosive touch +8 touch (5d4 acid) 
Ranged extended corrosive bolt +8 touch (5d4 acid each round for 4 rounds) or 
acidic ray +8 touch (1d6+2 acid) or 
dart +8 (1d4 plus poison) 
Space 5 ft.; Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with corrosive touch) 
Special Attacks finesse training (rapier), sneak attack +4d6 
Bloodline Spell-like Abilities (CL 6
th; Concentration +9) 
5/day – acidic ray (1d6+2 acid) 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 8
th; Concentration +11) 
3rd  (4/day) – shrink item 
2nd (6/day) – alter self, corrosive bolt (word of power), invisibility 
1st  (8/day) – corrosive touch
UM, enlarge personB, mage armor, magic missile, shield 
0  (at will) – acid splash, detect magic, ghost sound, light, mage hand, open/close, prestidigitation 
Bloodline aberrant 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 16 (+3), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +5 (+9 with rapier); CMD 18 
Feats Accomplished Sneak Attacker, Craft Wand, Deft Hands, Eschew Materials
B, Experimental Spellcaster 
(corrosive bolt), Extend Spell, Skill Focus (disable device
B, sleight of handB), Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Acrobatics +11, Bluff +12, Disable Device +24 (+25 vs. traps), Disguise +10 (+20 alter self), Escape 
Artist +18, Knowledge (arcana) +12, Linguistics +10, Perception +14 (+15 vs. surprise or traps), Sense 
Motive +8, Sleight of Hand +20, Spellcraft +14 
SQ bloodline arcana (extend polymorph spells), focused study, ranged legerdemain, rogue talents (bleeding 
attack), trapfinding +1, traits (dirty fighter, magical knack: sorcerer) 
Combat Gear poisons (large scorpion venom 10), potions (cure light wounds 10), wand of extended corrosive 
bolt (50 charges), wand of invisibility (50 charges); Other Gear +1 rapier, chime of opening (10 uses), 
cloak of resistance +3, darts (10), disguise kit (10 uses), headband of alluring charisma +4, tender 
(50gp), vest of escape 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 19 lb. 6 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bleeding Attack Your sneak attacks cause the target to take 1 additional point of damage each round for each 
die of your sneak attack. Bleeding creatures take that amount of damage every round at the start of each 
of their turns. The bleeding can be stopped by a successful DC 15 Heal check or the application of any 
effect that heals hit point damage. Bleed damage from this ability does not stack with itself. Bleed 
damage bypasses any damage reduction the creature might possess. 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell of the polymorph subschool increase the duration of the spell by 
50% (minimum 1 round). This bonus does not stack with the increase granted by the Extend Spell feat. 

Danger Sense (Ex) You gain a +1 bonus on Reflex saves to avoid traps and a +1 dodge bonus to AC against 
attacks made by traps. In addition, you gain a +1 bonus on Perception checks to avoid being surprised by 
a foe. This ability counts as trap sense for the purpose of any feat or class prerequisite, and can be 
replaced by any archetype class feature that replaces trap sense. The bonuses gained from this ability 
stack with those gained from trap sense (from another class). 
Dirty Fighter When you hit a foe you are flanking, you deal 1 additional point of damage (this damage is 
added to your base damage, and is multiplied on a critical hit). This additional damage is a trait bonus. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, you can select any one type of 
weapon that can be used with Weapon Finesse (such as rapiers or daggers). Once this choice is made, it 
cannot be changed. Whenever you make a successful melee attack with the selected weapon, you add 
your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the damage roll. If any effect would 
prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you do not add your Dexterity 
modifier.  
Long Limbs (Ex) Your reach increases by 5 feet whenever you make a melee touch attack. This ability does 
not otherwise increase your threatened area. 
Magical Knack Pick a class when you gain this trait—your caster level in that class gains a +2 trait bonus as 
long as this bonus doesn’t raise your caster level above your current Hit Dice. 
Poisons You carry several doses of large scorpion venom, which you typically coat your weapons with: 
Large scorpion venom—injury; save Fort DC 17, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d2 Str, cure 1 
save. 
Ranged Legerdemain (Su) You can use Disable Device and Sleight of Hand at a range of 30 feet. Working at 
a distance increases the normal skill check DC by 5, and you cannot take 10 on this check. Any object to 
be manipulated must weigh 5 pounds or less. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 4d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Trapfinding You add half your rogue level to Perception check to find traps and to Disable Device checks to 
disable traps (included above). You may attempt to disarm magical traps. 