

Ren Osio (aka Huna Kune the adolescent) 
Male halfling unchained rogue 5 (poisoner) 
CN Small humanoid (halfling) 
Init +3; Senses Perception +12 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Gnome, Halfling 
DEFENSE 
AC 16, touch 14, flat-footed 14 (+2 armor, +3 Dex, +1 size) 
hp 32 (5 HD) 
Fort +2, Ref +8, Will +4; +2 vs. illusions 
Defensive Abilities evasion, uncanny dodge; DR 3/– vs. small 
ranged piercing weapons 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares) 
Melee mwk dagger +8 (1d3+3 plus poison/19-20) 
Ranged mwk dagger +8 (1d3+1 plus poison/19-20) or 
mwk blowgun +8 (1 plus poison) 
Special Attacks debilitating injury, finesse training (dagger), poison use, sneak attack +3d6 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 13 (+1), Dex 16 (+3), Con 10 (+0), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +3; CMB +3; CMD 16 
Feats Childlike, Master Alchemist, Pass for Human, Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Acrobatics +11 (+7 when jumping), Bluff +11 (may take 10 when bluffing to appear innocent), Climb 
+9, Craft (alchemy) +16 (+18 with poison), Diplomacy +11, Disguise +11 (+23 to appear as a human 
child, may take 10 to appear as a child in human settlements, +2 bonus with disguise kit), Escape Artist 
+11, Knowledge (local) +10, Perception +12, Sense Motive +12, Sleight of Hand +11, Stealth +15; 
Racial Modifiers +2 Craft (alchemy), +2 Sense Motive 
SQ master poisoner, practicality (craft: alchemy), rogue’s edge (craft: alchemy), rogue talents (lasting poison, 
swift poison) 
Combat Gear antitoxin (6), bloodblocks (3), blowgun darts (100), poisons (deathblade [contact 4], king’s sleep 
[inhaled 1], large scorpion venom [injury 15], oil of taggit [contact 5, ingested 20, inhaled 5, injury 10]), 
potions of delay poison (2), potion of neutralize poison, sling bullets (10); Other Gear +1 quilted cloth, 
barbed vest (laced with poison), disguise kit (10 uses), loaded dice (average), masterwork backpack, 
masterwork blowgun, masterwork daggers (2), masterwork sling, masterwork thieves’ tools, portable 
alchemist’s lab, tender (2gp, 2sp, 3cp) 
Encumbrance light 43 lb. 8 oz., medium 87 lb., heavy 131 lb. 4 oz.; Weight Carried 38 lb. 8 oz. (excluding 
tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 
Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty to AC. The target takes an 
additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls. In addition, the target takes an additional 
–2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 

a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, you can select any one type of 
weapon that can be used with Weapon Finesse (such as rapiers or daggers). Once this choice is made, it 
cannot be changed. Whenever you make a successful melee attack with the selected weapon, you add 
your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the damage roll. If any effect would 
prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you do not add your Dexterity 
modifier. 
Lasting Poison (Ex) You can apply poison to a weapon in such a way that it is effective for a number of 
successful attacks equal to your Dexterity modifier (minimum two) instead of one. This poison has a 
reduced effect, however, and saves made against the poison gain a +2 circumstance bonus. Applying 
poison in this way is a full-round action, or a standard action if you have the swift poison rogue talent. 
Master Poisoner (Ex) You can use Craft (alchemy) to change a poison’s type. This requires 1 hour of work 
with an alchemist’s lab and a Craft (alchemy) skill check with a DC equal to the poison’s DC. If 
successful, the poison’s type changes to contact, ingested, inhaled, or injury. If the check fails, the 
poison is ruined. You also receive a bonus on Craft (alchemy) skill checks when working with poison 
equal to ½ your rogue level. 
Poison Use (Ex) You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying 
poison to a weapon. 
Poisons You carry of variety of modified poisons, which you typically coat your weapons with: 
Deathblade—contact; save Fort DC 20, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d3 Con, cure 2 
consecutive saves. 
King’s sleep—inhaled; save Fort DC 19, onset 1 day, frequency 1/day, effect 1 Con drain, cure 2 
consecutive saves. 
Large scorpion venom—injury; save Fort DC 17, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d2 Str, cure 1 
save. 
Oil of taggit—varies; save Fort DC 15, onset 1 minute, effect unconsciousness 1d3 hours, cure 1 save. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Craft: When determining your weekly progress, double the result of your Craft check before 
multiplying the result by the item’s DC. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 3d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Swift Poison (Ex) You can apply poison to a weapon as a move action, instead of a standard action. 
Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You cannot be caught flat-footed, nor do you lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if the 
attacker is invisible. You still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. You can still lose your 
Dexterity bonus to AC if an opponent successfully uses the feint action against you. If you already have 
uncanny dodge from a different class, you automatically gain improved uncanny dodge instead. 