

Rina Lhorn 
Female merfolk hydrokineticist 7 
NG Medium humanoid (aquatic) 
Init +6; Senses darkvision 60 ft., light sensitivity; 
Perception +12 
Languages Aquan, Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 23, touch 16, flat-footed 17 (+4 armor, +6 Dex, +3 
shield) 
hp 79 (7 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +11, Will +4 
OFFENSE 
Speed 15 ft. (3 squares), swim 30 ft.; or just 30 ft. with 
fins to feet 
Melee water blade +5 (4d6+8) or 
cold blade +5 touch (4d6+2 cold) or 
ice blade +5 (8d6+12 bludgeoning and cold) 
Ranged water blast +11 (4d6+8) or 
cold blast +11 touch (4d6+2 cold) or 
ice blast +11 (8d6+12 bludgeoning and cold) 
Special Attacks elemental overflow +2, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 7th; Concentration +9) 
At will – speak with animals (aquatic animals only) 
1/day – fins to feetARG (self only), hydraulic pushAPG 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 7th; Concentration +11) 
Defense – shroud of water (+5 armor, +3 shield) 
Infusions – entangling infusion (2 burn, DC 17), extended range (1 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), snake 
(2 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – cold blast, ice blast (2 burn), water blast 
Utility – basic hydrokinesis, kinetic healer (1 burn, cures 4d6+8), silent image (DC 16), slick (DC 17), 
water manipulator 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 22 (+6), Con 18 (+4), Int 10 (+0), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +5; CMD 21 
Feats Extra Wild Talent, Kinetic Invocation, Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot 
Skills Heal +12, Perception +12, Stealth +16, Swim +18 (may take 10; +10 in humanoid form) 
SQ amphibious, basic hydrokinesis, burn (2 points/round, maximum 7), expanded element (water), 
gather power, infusion specialization, internal buffer 1, secret magic, strongtail 
Gear belt of incredible dexterity +4, jewelry (pearls and seashells worth 400gp), mithral shirt, seafoam shawl 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 12 lb. (excluding tender) 
   

Rina Lhorn (with elemental overflow) 
As above, except as follows… 
Init +7; Senses darkvision 60 ft., light sensitivity; Perception 
+12 
DEFENSE 
AC 24, touch 16, flat-footed 18 (+4 armor, +6 Dex, +4 shield) 
hp 87 plus 3 burn (7 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +12, Will +4 
Defensive Abilities fortification (15%) 
OFFENSE 
Melee water blade +8 (4d6+9) or 
cold blade +8 touch (4d6+2 cold) or 
ice blade +8 (8d6+13 bludgeoning and cold) 
Ranged water blast +15 (4d6+13) or 
cold blast +15 touch (4d6+6 cold) or 
ice blast +15 (8d6+17 bludgeoning and cold) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 7th; Concentration +12) 
Defense – shroud of water (base +5 armor or +3 shield) 
Infusions – entangling infusion (2 burn, DC 18), extended range (1 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), snake 
(2 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – cold blast, ice blast (2 burn), water blast 
Utility – basic hydrokinesis, kinetic cover (14 hp, limit 7 at a time), kinetic healer (1 burn, cures 4d6+9), 
slick (DC 18), water manipulator 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 24 (+7), Con 20 (+5), Int 10 (+0), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +5; CMD 22 
Skills Heal +12, Perception +12, Stealth +17, Swim +18 (may take 10; +10 in humanoid form) 
SQ amphibious, basic hydrokinesis, burn (2 points/round, maximum 8), expanded element (water), 
gather power, infusion specialization, internal buffer 1, secret magic 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Burn (Ex) Some of your wild talents allow you to accept burn in exchange for a greater effect, while others 
require you to accept a certain amount of burn to use that talent at all. For each point of burn you accept, 
you take 1 point of nonlethal damage per character level. This damage can’t be healed by any means 
other than getting a full night’s rest, which removes all burn and associated nonlethal damage. Nonlethal 
damage from burn can’t be reduced or redirected, and if you are incapable of taking nonlethal damage 
then you can’t accept burn. You can accept only 2 points of burn per round. You can’t choose to accept 
burn if it would put your total number of points of burn higher than 3 + you Constitution modifier 
(though you can be forced to accept more burn from a source outside your control). Whilst you possess 
burn you can never benefit from abilities that allow you to ignore or alter the effects you receive from 
nonlethal damage. 
Elemental Defense (Su) You have the following defense wild talent. 
Shroud of Water: You surround yourself with a shroud of water, ice, or both that protects you from 
harm. The shroud can either cover your body, functioning as armor, or float around you and block 
attacks, functioning as a shield. It grants either a +5 armor bonus to AC or a +3 shield bonus to AC, and 
you can change the type of bonus as a standard action. By accepting 1 point of burn, you can increase 
the bonus by 1 until the next time your burn is removed. You can increase the bonus multiple times in 
this way, but it can’t be increased by more than 50% of its starting value. When you change the shroud 
to grant a shield bonus, any bonus in excess of this limit doesn’t apply, but it remains if you change the 
shroud’s bonus type again. Whenever you accept burn while using a water wild talent, the water 

coalescing around you allows your shroud to grant both the armor bonus and the shield bonus for 1 
round. You can dismiss or restore this effect as an immediate action. 
Elemental Overflow (Ex) Your body surges with energy from your element whenever you accept burn, 
causing you to glow with a nimbus of fire, weep water from your pores, or experience some other 
thematic effect. You receive a bonus on your attack rolls with kinetic blasts equal to the total number of 
points of burn you currently possess, to a maximum bonus of +1 for every 3 kineticist levels you 
possess. You also receive a bonus on damage rolls with your kinetic blast equal to double the bonus on 
attack rolls. You can suppress the visual effects of elemental overflow by concentrating for 1 full round, 
but doing so suppresses all of this ability’s other benefits, as well. The next time you use any wild talent, 
the visual effects and benefits return instantly. As your body becomes more and more suffused with your 
element, you begin to gain more powerful benefits. Whenever you possess at least 3 points of burn, you 
gain a +2 size bonus to two physical ability scores of your choice. You also gain a chance to ignore the 
effects of a critical hit or sneak attack equal to 5% × your current number of points of burn. 
Gather Power (Su) If you have both hands free you can gather energy or elemental matter as a move action. 
Gathering power creates an extremely loud, visible display in a 20-foot radius centered on you, as the 
energy or matter swirls around you. Gathering power in this way allows you to reduce the total burn cost 
of a blast wild talent you use in the same round by 1 point. You can instead gather power for 1 full 
round in order to reduce the total burn cost of a blast wild talent used on your next turn by 2 points (to a 
minimum of 0 points). If you do so, you can also gather power as a move action during your next turn to 
reduce the burn cost by a total of 3 points. If you take damage during or after gathering power and 
before using the kinetic blast that releases it, you must succeed at a concentration check (DC = 10 + 
damage taken + effective spell level of your kinetic blast) or lose the energy in a wild surge that forces 
you to accept a number of points of burn equal to the number of points by which your gathered power 
would have reduced the burn cost. This ability can never reduce the burn cost of a wild talent below 0 
points. 
Infusion Specialization (Ex) Whenever you use one or more infusions with a blast, you reduce the combined 
burn cost of the infusions by 1. This can’t reduce the total cost of the infusions used below 0. 
Infusions (Su) The following infusions alter your blasts. You can apply at most one form infusion and one 
substance infusion to your blasts. 
Entangling Infusion (substance): Whenever a blast with this infusion deals damage to a foe, that foe 
becomes entangled for 1 minute. The foe can remove this condition as a standard action with a 
successful Escape Artist or Strength check (with the same DC as for saves against your kinetic blast) or 
by dealing an amount of damage to the entangling matter equal to double your kineticist level (the 
matter has hardness 0). If the foe was already entangled by this infusion and fails its save against a 
second instance of this infusion, the increased amount of elemental matter fuses to the ground, causing 
the foe to be rooted in place as though anchored to an immobile object. 
Extended Range (form): Your kinetic blast can strike any target within 120 feet. 
Kinetic Blade (form): You create a non-reach, light or one-handed weapon in your hand formed of 
pure energy or elemental matter. (If you’re a telekineticist, you instead transfer the power of your kinetic 
blast to any object held in one hand.) The kinetic blade’s shape is purely cosmetic and doesn’t affect the 
damage dice, critical threat range, or critical multiplier of the kinetic blade, nor does it grant the kinetic 
blade any weapon special features. The object held by a telekineticist for this form infusion doesn’t 
prevent her from using gather power. 
You can use this form infusion once as part of an attack action, a charge action, or a full-attack 
action in order to make melee attacks with your kinetic blade. Since it’s part of another action (and isn’t 
an action itself), using this wild talent doesn’t provoke any additional attacks of opportunity. The kinetic 
blade deals your kinetic blast damage on each hit (applying any modifiers to your kinetic blast’s damage 
as normal, but not your Strength modifier). The blade disappears at the end of your turn. The weapon 
deals the same damage type that your kinetic blast deals, and it interacts with Armor Class and spell 
resistance as normal for a blast of its type. Even if a telekineticist uses this power on a magic weapon or 
another unusual object, the attack doesn’t use any of the magic weapon’s bonuses or effects and simply 

deals the telekineticist’s blast damage. The kinetic blade doesn’t add the damage bonus from elemental 
overflow. 
Snake (form): You have fine control over your kinetic blast, allowing you to alter its path to avoid 
obstacles. You can trace out any path no more than 120 feet long for your blast, potentially allowing you 
to avoid cover (even total cover). You can choose a path that leads into squares you cannot see. 
Internal Buffer (Su) You possess an internal buffer with which to store extra energy. The buffer starts empty 
and doesn’t replenish each day, but you can accept 1 point of burn to add 1 point to the buffer as a 
full-round action, to a maximum of 1 point total. Once you add points to your buffer, they remain 
indefinitely until you spend them. When you would otherwise accept burn, you can spend 1 point from 
your buffer to avoid accepting 1 point of burn. You cannot spend more than 1 point from your buffer in 
this way for a single wild talent. Points spent from the internal buffer don’t activate elemental overflow 
or add to its effects. Similarly, this buffer can be used to exceed the limit on the number of points of 
burn you can accept in a single turn. 
Kinetic Blast (Sp) As a standard action, you can unleash a kinetic blast at a single target up to a range of 30 
feet. You must have at least one hand free to aim the blast. All damage from a kinetic blast is treated as 
magic for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. Kinetic blasts count as a type of weapon for the 
purpose of feats such as Weapon Focus. You are never considered to be wielding or gripping the kinetic 
blast (regardless of effects from form infusions), and you can’t use Vital Strike feats with kinetic blasts. 
Even the weakest kinetic blast involves a sizable mass of elemental matter or energy, so kinetic blasts 
always deal full damage to swarms of any size (though only area blasts deal extra damage to swarms). A 
readied kinetic blast can be used to counterspell any spell of equal or lower level that shares its 
descriptor. A kinetic blast that deals energy damage of any type (including force) has the corresponding 
descriptor. 
Metakinesis (Su) You gain the ability to alter your kinetic blasts as if with metamagic feats by accepting burn. 
By accepting 1 point of burn, you can empower your kinetic blast (as if using Empower Spell). 
Utility (Sp) You have the following utility wild talents. 
Basic Hydrokinesis: You can create water as the cantrip create water, purify water as if using purify 
food and drink, and dry wet creatures and objects as if using prestidigitation. While you cannot lift 
water into the air using this ability, you can create mild currents in a body of water by concentrating. 
These currents are strong enough to run a water mill as if the mill were being turned manually by a 
creature with a Strength score equal to your Constitution score. 
Kinetic Cover: You call up elemental matter to defend yourself and your allies from attacks. As a 
standard action, you can select one face of a square within 30 feet of you and move elemental matter to 
block that face, providing total cover from that direction. The face you select must be supported by the 
ground, and the kinetic cover cannot support more than 5 pounds of weight. Water, ice, and telekinetic 
force are translucent, but earth, metal, mud, and the like are opaque and block line of sight. A creature 
who strikes the cover can easily destroy it. Regardless of its composition, the cover has hardness 0, AC 
5, and 2 hit points per kineticist level you possess. You can have a number of kinetic covers in existence 
equal to your Constitution modifier + ½ your kineticist level. 
Kinetic Healer: With a touch, you can heal a willing living creature of an amount of damage equal to 
your kinetic blast’s damage. Instead of paying the burn cost yourself, you can cause the recipient to take 
1 point of burn. If you do so, the recipient takes 1 point of nonlethal damage per Hit Die he possesses, as 
usual for burn; this damage can’t be healed by any means until the recipient takes a full night’s rest. 
Slick: As a standard action, you call forth slippery water or ice, creating any of the effects of the 
grease spell for 1 round. You can accept 1 point of burn at the start of your next turn to extend the 
duration to 1 minute per kineticist level you possess. 
Water Manipulator: You can manipulate massive quantities of water. As a standard action, you can 
raise or lower the level of water as if using control water, or move an amount of water equal to 1/1,000th 
the amount controlled by that spell to a different location in range. The water remains where you placed 
it for as long as you remain motionless and take a standard action each round to concentrate on this 
effect. This wild talent causes a slow effect on creatures made of water, just like control water (Will 
negates). When you cease concentrating, the water flows normally unless you accept 1 point of burn to 

extend the duration and hold the water in its current position for 10 minutes per kineticist level you 
possess. 