

Roshgog 
Male mystic half-orc sorcerer 15 (crossblooded, mythic 
archmage 3) 
CN Medium humanoid (human, orc) 
Init +11; Senses darkvision 90 ft., light sensitivity; Perception 
+0 
Languages Common, Giant, Ignan, Orc 
DEFENSE 
AC 37, touch 23, flat-footed 35 (+8 armor, +5 deflection, +4 
Dex, +1 insight, +9 natural) 
hp 168 (15 HD) 
Fort +17, Ref +15, Will +13 
Defensive Abilities dragon resistances, mirror dodge; Resist fire 
10 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee bite +15 (1d4+8) and 
2 claws +15 (1d6+8 plus 1d6 fire) 
Ranged by weapon +12 
Special Attacks claws (2, 1d6, treated as magic weapons, 11 rounds/day), mythic power (9/day, surge +1d6) 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 15
th; Concentration +23) 
7th  (5/day) – form of the dragon II
B, summon monster VII 
6th  (7/day) – chains of fireARG, siroccoAPG, transformation
B M 
5
th  (7/day) – cloudkillB M, fire snakeAPG M, telekinesis, teleport 
4th  (8/day) – fearB, fire shield, scorching ash form
ARG, wall of fire 
3rd  (8/day) – ash storm
UM, fireballM, fly
B M, heroism
M 
2nd (8/day) – boiling blood
UM, burning gaze
APG, fire breathAPG, resist energy
B, see invisibility 
1
st  (8/day) – burning handsB, charm person, magic missile, shieldB, silent image, touch of 
combustion
ARG 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, detect poison, light, mage hand, prestidigitation, read magic, 
spark
APG 
Bloodline draconic (brass dragon), orc 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 26 (+8), Dex 19 (+4), Con 22 (+6), Int 10 (+0), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 26 (+8) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +15; CMD 35 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Dazing Spell, Elemental Focus (fire), Endurance
B, Eschew Materials
B, Improved 
Initiative
B, Intensified Spell, Maximize Spell, Mythic Spell LoreM (2), Quicken Spell
B, Razortusk, Spell 
Perfection (fire snake), Spontaneous Metafocus (fire snake) 
Skills Acrobatics +9 (+13 when jumping), Fly +12, Spellcraft +18, Use Magic Device +21 
SQ amazing initiative, archmage arcana (mage strike), bloodline arcana (damage spells deal +1 damage per die, 
fire spells deal +2 per die instead; darkvision, light sensitivity), energy conversion, orc blood, power of 
giants, recuperation, sacred tattoo, shaman’s apprentice, speedy summons, weapon familiarity 
Combat Gear divine spell scrolls (heal 3), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear amulet of 
natural armor +5, belt of physical perfection +6, boots of striding and springing, bracers of armor +8, 
cloak of resistance +5, dusty rose prism ioun stone, goblin fire drum (standard), headband of alluring 
charisma +6, page of spell knowledge (shield), ring of protection +5, robe of arcane heritage, shirt of 
immolation, tender (1,050gp) 
Encumbrance light 233 lb., medium 466 lb., heavy 700 lb.; Weight Carried 8 lb. 1 oz. (excluding tender) 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Amazing Initiative (Ex) You gain a bonus on initiative checks equal to your mythic tier (included above). In 
addition, as a free action on your turn, you can expend one use of mythic power to take an additional 
standard action during that turn. This additional standard action can’t be used to cast a spell. You can’t 
gain an extra action in this way more than once per round. 
Claws (Ex/Su) You can grow claws as a free action. These claws are treated as natural weapons, allowing you 
to make two claw attacks as a full attack action using your full base attack bonus. Each of these attacks 
deals 1d6 points of damage plus your Strength modifier plus 1d6 fire damage (the fire damage is 
considered a supernatural ability). These claws are considered magic weapons for the purpose of 
overcoming DR. You can use your claws for a number of rounds per day equal to 3 + your Charisma 
modifier. 
Energy Conversion (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with the acid, cold, electricity, or fire descriptor, you can 
expend one use of mythic power to switch the energy type to a different one of those energy types. If the 
spell normally has its original energy type as a descriptor, it loses that descriptor and gains the new type 
as a descriptor. All other effects of the spell remain unchanged. 
Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 
hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Mage Strike (Su) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic power to make one melee attack. This is 
in addition to any other attacks you make this round. If you expend one arcane spell that you’ve 
prepared or arcane spell slot that you have available, you gain a bonus on the attack roll equal to double 
the spell’s or slot’s level, and the attack deals an additional 2d6 points of energy damage (your choice of 
acid, cold, electricity, or fire) per level of the spell or slot expended. The normal damage from this attack 
bypasses all damage reduction, but the energy damage is still affected by resistances and immunities. 
Mirror Dodge (Su) When hit by a melee or ranged attack, you can expend one use of mythic power as an 
immediate action to replace yourself with an illusory duplicate and teleport to any open square within 30 
feet of your current position. You take no damage from this attack, which instead destroys your illusory 
duplicate (similar to mirror image). Using this ability requires a line of effect to the square into which 
you teleport. 
Mythic Power (Su) Each day, you can expend an amount of mythic power equal to 3 plus double your mythic 
tier (5/day at 1st tier, 7/day at 2nd, etc.). This amount is your maximum amount of mythic power. If an 
ability allows you to regain uses of your mythic power, you can never have more than this amount. 
Power of Giants (Sp) You may grow to Large size as a standard action. At this size you gain a +6 size bonus to 
Strength, a –2 penalty to Dexterity, a +4 size bonus to Constitution, and a +4 natural armor bonus. You 
may return to your normal size as a standard action. You may remain in this size for up to 1 minute per 
character level per day; this duration does not need to be consecutive, but it must be used in 1 minute 
increments. 
Recuperation (Ex) You are restored to full hit points after 8 hours of rest so long as you aren’t dead. In 
addition, by expending one use of mythic power and resting for 1 hour, you regain a number of hit 
points equal to half your full hit points (up to a maximum of your full hit points) and regain the use of 
any class features that are limited to a certain number of uses per day (such as barbarian rage, bardic 
performance, spells per day, and so on). This rest is treated as 8 hours of sleep for such abilities. This 
rest doesn’t refresh uses of mythic power or any mythic abilities that are limited to a number of times 
per day. 
Sacred Tattoo You gain a +1 luck bonus to all saves (included above). 
Shaman’s Apprentice Due to your stalwart ability to survive the years of harsh treatment that an 
apprenticeship to an orc shaman entails, you gain Endurance as a bonus feat. 
Speedy Summons (Su) When you cast a summon monster spell, the casting time is 1 standard action instead of 
1 round. If you expend one use of mythic power, the casting time becomes 1 swift action.  

Strength of the Beast (Ex) You gain a +4 inherent bonus to your Strength (included above). 
Weapon Familiarity You are always proficient with greataxes and falchions, and treat any weapon with the 
word “orc” in its name as a martial weapon. 
 