

Sandalphon the Fiend Killer 
“We stand between the immortal and the mortal, the divine and the 
earthly, the material and the sublime. Our duty is dear: bring the 
light, purge the darkness, and shield the faithful from the grasping 
claws of evil!” 
 
Sandalphon the Fiend Killer (formerly known as the Rainbow Wizard 
due to his brightly colored magic and frequent alliances with couatls) 
is a powerful arcanist preoccupied with ridding the world of evil in 
general, fiends in particular, and demons specifically. He lost his wife 
and two children long ago to a powerful, rampaging demon who had 
been inadvertently called forth by a dangerous nearby cult oblivious 
to the destruction their activities would bring upon themselves and 
others. Sandalphon himself was captured by the demon and forced to 
watch the torture and subsequent murder of his family as he himself 
was tortured mercilessly. Though he was saved and the demon driven 
off by the intervention of a family friend (a traveling paladin/sorcerer named Shioji), it was nevertheless too late 
to do anything for his beloved kin, whose very souls had been absconded with by the fell creature. This tragedy 
has fueled his quest against the force of evil for a great many years. 
 
Since that fateful day, Sandalphon has blamed himself for not being able to better protect his family. He began 
traveling the world to find two things: the demon who slew his family—and the personal power with which to 
make the monster suffer. To that end, he often works with the Pathfinder Society and other adventuring guilds in 
search of powerful artifacts and magic. Though generally honorable and kind, Sandalphon’s quest for vengeance 
long ago became an obsession which twists his goodly nature.   

Sandalphon the Rainbow Wizard 
Male human arcanist 5/evangelist 9 of Iomedae (occultist) 
LG Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses Perception +18 
Languages Abyssal, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Ignan, 
Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 29, touch 21, flat-footed 23 (+4 armor, +4 deflection, +4 Dex, 
+2 dodge, +1 insight, +4 natural); mage armor 
hp 134 (14 HD) 
Fort +13, Ref +15, Will +13; +2 vs. spells and effects from demons 
and demon worshippers 
Defensive Abilities vengeful banisher 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland flight 
Melee cold iron dagger +7/+2 (1d4-1/19-20) 
Ranged cold iron dagger +12 (1d4-1/19-20) 
Special Attacks arcane reservoir (11/day, 18 max), conjurer’s focus, unstoppable magic, wrath of the inheritor 
3/day 
Evangelist Spell-Like Abilities (CL 14th; Concentration +21; choose one of the following each day) 
3/day – remove fear 
2/day – blessing of courage and life
APG 
1/day – heroism 
Occultist Spell-Like Abilities (CL 14th; Concentration +21) 
At will – summon monster I–VII (one casting at a time, 1 min./level, costs 1–7 arcane reservoir points, 
respectively) 
1/day – augury 
1/week – contact other plane 
Arcanist Spells Prepared (CL 14
th, or CL 20
th to overcome SR; Concentration +21) 
7
th  (3/day) – prismatic spray 
6th  (5/day) – chain lightning, cold ice strike
UM 
5
th  (5/day) – overland flight, telekinesis, teleport 
4
th  (5/day) – black tentacles, enervation, greater invisibility, rainbow pattern 
3rd  (6/day) – dispel magic, fireball, heroism, lightning bolt 
2nd (6/day) – acid arrow, blindness/deafness, mirror image, resist energy, scorching ray 
1
st  (6/day) – color spray, feather fall, mage armor, magic missile, shield 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, dancing lights, detect magic, ghost sound, light, mage hand, mending, 
prestidigitation, read magic 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 18 (+4), Con 18 (+4), Int 24 (+7), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +8; CMB +7; CMD 27 
Feats Craft Rod, Craft Wondrous Item, Deific Obedience, Empower Spell
B, Favored Enemy Spellcasting (evil 
outsiders), Greater Spell Penetration, Intensify SpellB, Quicken SpellB (variable), Spell Penetration, 
Vengeful Banisher (completed) 
Skills Acrobatics +8, Appraise +11, Bluff +7, Climb +3, Craft (all) +11, Diplomacy +24, Disguise +17 (+27 
with hat of disguise), Escape Artist +8, Fly +21 (+28 with overland flight), Heal +18, Intimidate +7, 
Knowledge (arcana) +24, Knowledge (planes) +29, Knowledge (religion) +19, Perception +18, Perform 
(all) +7, Ride +8, Sense Motive +18, Spellcraft +24, Stealth +21, Survival +5 (+7 to avoid getting lost), 
Swim +3, Use Magic Device +20; Obedience Bonuses +4 Diplomacy, +4 Knowledge (nobility) 
SQ aligned class (arcanist), arcanist exploits (dimensional slide 130 ft., greater metamagic knowledge, 
metamagic knowledge, metamixing, potent magic), cognizant sleep, consume spells (3/day), eclectic 

training, gift of tongues (abyssal, celestial), multitude of talents, obedience, planar contact, planar spells, 
skilled (Sense Motive, Stealth) 
Combat Gear couatl feathers (4), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear amulet of natural 
armor +4, belt of physical might +4 (dexterity, constitution), blessed book with bookplate of recall (98 
pages remaining, rarely carried), cold iron dagger, lesser metamagic rods (dazing, maximize, merciful, 
piercing), handy haversack, headband of mental prowess +4 (intelligence, charisma; fly, heal), ioun 
stones (dark blue rhomboid, dusty rose prism, mossy disk [knowledge: planes]), lucky cloak 
(functionally a cloak of resistance +5 and shawl of life-keeping), lucky hat (functionally a hat of disguise 
and a jingasa of the fortunate soldier that grants a +4 deflection bonus), metamagic rod (maximize), 
robe of infinite twine, spellbook (no pages remaining), tender (1,626gp), traveler’s any-tool, wayfinder 
(contains dark blue rhomboid) 
Spellbook all core sorcerer/wizard spells of 6
th-level and lower plus banishment, chains of fire
ARG, cold ice 
strike
UM, lesser planar ally, planar ally, plane shift (treated as a 5
th-level spell), and prismatic spray 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 23 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Aligned Class (Ex) You gain all the class features for one chosen class, essentially adding every evangelist 
level beyond 1
st to your aligned class to determine what class features you gain. You still retain the Hit 
Dice, base attack bonus, saving throw bonuses, and skill ranks of the evangelist prestige class, but gain 
all other class features of your aligned class as well as those of the evangelist prestige class. 
Arcane Reservoir (Su) You have an innate pool of magical energy that you can draw upon to fuel your arcanist 
exploits and enhance your spells. Your arcane reservoir can hold a maximum amount of magical energy 
equal to 3 + your arcanist level. Each day, when preparing spells, your arcane reservoir fills with raw 
magical energy, gaining a number of points equal to 3 + ½ your arcanist level. Any points you had from 
the previous day are lost. You can also regain these points through the consume spells class feature and 
some arcanist exploits. The arcane reservoir can never hold more points than the maximum amount 
noted above; points gained in excess of this total are lost. Points from the arcanist reservoir are used to 
fuel many of your powers. In addition, you can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir as a free 
action whenever you cast an arcanist spell. If you do, you can choose to increase the caster level by 1 or 
increase the spell’s DC by 1. You can expend no more than 1 point from your reservoir on a given spell 
in this way. 
Cognizant Sleep Due to your dark blue rhomboid ioun stone’s resonant power, you no longer suffer penalties 
on Perception checks for being distracted or asleep 
while you possess your wayfinder; during sleep 
you may remain open-eyed and fully aware of 
your environment, though you are still helpless 
against undetected threats until you actually wake 
up. 
Conjurer’s Focus (Sp) You can spend 1 point from your 
arcane reservoir to cast summon monster I. You 
can cast this spell as a standard action and the 
summoned creatures remain for 1 minute per level 
(instead of 1 round per level). You may cast more 
powerful summon monster spells instead (as 
shown above), at the cost of an additional point 
from your arcane spell reserve per spell level. You 
cannot have more than one summon monster spell 
active in this way at one time. If this ability is used 
again, any existing summon monster immediately 
ends. 
Consume Spells (Su) You can expend an available 
arcanist spell slot as a move action, making it 

unavailable for the rest of the day, just as if you had used it to cast a spell. You can use this ability a 
number of times per day equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum 1). Doing this adds a number of 
points to your arcane reservoir equal to the level of the spell slot consumed. You cannot consume 
cantrips (0 level spells) in this way. Points gained in excess of the reservoir’s maximum are lost. 
Demon-Feared Caster (Ex) You gain a sacred bonus equal to 1 + 1 for every 4 Hit Dice you possess 
(maximum +6) on caster level checks to overcome the spell resistance of outsiders with the chaotic or 
evil subtypes. These bonuses stack against outsiders who are both chaotic and evil (maximum +12). 
Dimensional Slide (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to create a dimensional crack that 
you can step through to reach another location. This ability is used as part of a move action or withdraw 
action, allowing you to move up to 10 feet per arcanist level to any location you can see. This counts as 
5 feet of movement. You can only use this ability once per round. You do not provoke attacks of 
opportunity when moving in this way, but any other movement you attempt as part of your move action 
provokes as normal. 
Eclectic Training Due to your membership in a spellcasting guild (and Fame score of 5) you gain a +1 bonus to 
your caster level with arcanist spells (up to a maximum of your character level). This bonus grants you 
additional spells known and spells per day for your modified caster level. 
Gift of Tongues You know an additional two languages, which you can speak and write fluently. 
Metamixing (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to add a metamagic feat that you know to 
a spell as you cast it without affecting the casting time (though using a higher-level spell slot as normal). 
You can use this ability to add a metamagic feat to a spell that you prepared using a metamagic feat, 
although you cannot add the same metamagic feat to a given spell more than once. 
Multitude of Talents (Ex) You gain a +4 sacred bonus on any skill check attempted with a skill in which you 
have no ranks. This bonus applies only to skill checks that can be made untrained. 
Obedience (Ex) In order to maintain the abilities granted by the evangelist prestige class, including all abilities 
gained from aligned class, you must perform a daily obedience to your chosen deity. 
Planar Contact (Sp) You can cast augury once per day and contact other plane once per week, using your 
arcanist level as your caster level. 
Planar Spells You add all planar ally spells to your spell list (using your arcanist level as the cleric level), and 
treat plane shift as a 5
th-level arcanist spell. 
Potent Magic (Su) Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to increase the caster level of a 
spell, the caster level increases by 2 instead of 1. Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane 
reservoir to increase the spell’s DC, it increases by 2 instead of 1. 
Protective Grace (Su) You gain a +2 dodge bonus to your armor class (included above). 
Skilled Sense Motive and Stealth are always considered class skills for you. 
Unstoppable Magic You gain a +2 racial bonus on caster level checks against spell resistance.  
Vengeful Banisher When a demon damages you with an attack, spell, spell-like ability, or special ability and 
reduces you to fewer than 0 hit points, you may allow righteous energy to pour through you and into the 
demon, instantly sending it to another plane of existence (as dismissal) if it fails a Will save (DC = 10 + 
½ your Hit Dice + your Charisma modifier). This dismissal takes place after you are damaged but before 
you fall unconscious, so you can use this ability even if the demon kills you. You can use this ability 
once per day. Once you have used this ability, you must be healed to your maximum number of hit 
points before you can use the ability again. 
Wrath of the Inheritor (Su) Three times per day, you can call upon Iomedae during the casting of a spell to 
increase its potency. When you use this ability, you can cast any spell that deals hit point damage and 
has a casting time of 1 standard action as a full-round action instead. Doing so changes half the damage 
dealt to divine power, similar to a flame strike spell. 