

Sela Kurn 
Male venerable human abjurer 15 (mythic guardian/archmage 10) 
LE Medium humanoid (human) 
Init +19; Senses all-around vision, arcane sight, darkvision 120 ft., see 
invisibility; Perception +18 
Languages Aboleth, Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Boggard, Celestial, 
Common, Cyclops, Dark Folk, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, 
Gnome, Gnoll, Halfling, Ignan, Infernal, Orc, Sphinx, Strix, Sylvan, 
Tengu, Terran, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 37, touch 19, flat-footed 33 (+13 armor, +5 deflection, +4 Dex, +5 
natural) 
hp 194 plus greater false life (15 HD) 
Fort +13, Ref +13, Will +16; +3 vs. mind-affecting effects 
Defensive Abilities enduring armor +13, fast healing 15, guardian’s call 
(absorb blow), hard to kill, immortal, mind blank, mirror dodge, 
mythic saves, true defender, unstoppable; DR 2/piercing or slashing, or 10/magic vs. ranged weapons, or 
15/epic; Immune divination, drowning, flanking, pain effects; Resist crushing half, energy 10 (any one) 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good), swim 30 ft.; overland flight, ride the waves 
Melee +1 quarterstaff +8/+3 (1d6+1) or 
+3 dagger +10/+5 (1d4+3/19-20) with greater magic weapon 
Ranged +3 dagger +14 (1d4+3/19-20) with greater magic weapon 
Special Attacks mythic power (23/hour, surge +1d12) 
Abjurer Spell-like Abilities (CL 17
th; Concentration +36) 
18/day – diviner’s fortune (+5) 
Abjurer Spells Prepared (CL 16th, CL 22nd w/greater dispel magic; Concentration +35) 
8
th  (3/day) – mind blank, moment of prescience, summon monster VIII 
7th  (4/day) – banishment, elemental body IV, sequester, spell turning, waves of exhaustion 
6
th  (6/day) – disintegrate, globe of invulnerability, mass suggestion, mislead
O, repulsion
F 
5th  (7/day) – dominate person, feeblemind (+1 CL/DC), hold monster, overland flight, quickened shield, 
telekinesis, teleport 
4
th  (7/day) – dimensional anchor, enervation (2), greater false life
UM, greater invisibility
O, ride the 
wavesUM 
3rd  (7/day) – countless eyes
UM, gaseous form, greater magic weapon, phantom steed, protection from 
energy, shrink item, slow, vampiric touch 
2
nd (8/day) – cushioning bandsUM, delay painUM, protection from arrows, shatterO (2), spectral hand 
1st  (8/day) – charm person, endure elements, feather fall, illusion of calmUC O, protection from good, 
shield, unseen servant 
0  (at will) – detect magic, detect poison, mage hand, prestidigitation 
Arcane School abjuration (counterspell); O Opposition school spell Opposition Schools evocation, illusion 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 11 (+0), Dex 18 (+4), Con 18 (+4), Int 41 (+15), Wis 17 (+3), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +22 (+25 with dagger); CMD 41 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Destructive Dispel, Dispel FocusB, Dispel Synergy, Dual Path
M (archmage), Extra 
Path Ability
M (3), Greater Dispel Focus, Greater Spell Specialization, Improved Counterspell
B, 
Knowledge is Power (arcane discovery), Quicken Spell
B, Scribe Scroll
B, Selective Spell
B, Spell Focus 
(abjuration), Spell Perfection (greater dispel magic), Spell Specialization (greater dispel magic), Widen 
SpellB 

Skills Appraise +23, Bluff +15, Diplomacy +15, Disguise +25, Fly +30 (overland flight), Knowledge (arcana) 
+28, Knowledge (dungeoneering) +18, Knowledge (geography) +18, Knowledge (history) +18, 

Knowledge (local) +18, Knowledge (nobility) +18, Knowledge (planes) +18, Knowledge (religion) +18, 
Linguistics +28, Perception +18, Sense Motive +18, Spellcraft +28, Stealth +19, Swim +8 
SQ amazing initiative, arcane bond (ring), archmage arcana (arcane surge), deep understanding, flash of 
omniscience (100%), flexible school (divination), force of will, legendary hero, recuperation, scrying 
adept, traits (magical lineage: greater dispel magic, outlander: lore seeker [dispel magic, feeblemind, 
greater dispel magic]) 
Combat Gear 5-foot patches of lava (shrunk via shrink item 5), arcane spell foci (contingency, mage’s 
magnificent mansion, repulsion), arcane spell scrolls (darkness 2, major image, shield 3, silent image 3, 
teleport 2, true strike 3, ventriloquism 3), clay jug of green slime, fake scrolls (each with ten explosive 
runes spells 10—often detonated with a deliberately failed greater dispel magic check), flasks of brown 
mold (4), flasks of phosphorescent fungus (as torch, 4), flasks of yellow mold (4), hip flask filled with 
oil of taggit (8 doses), paper airplanes (as fake scrolls above 10) , staff of the master (abjuration; 
protection from evil [1 charge], protection from arrows [1 charge], protection from energy [2 charges], 
CL 8
th; doubles as a +1/+1 quarterstaff); Other Gear amulet of the grand vizier (as amulet of natural 
armor +5, doubles as magic jar focus), belt of physical might +4 (dexterity, constitution), caster’s tattoo 
(lesser, on chest), dagger, feather step slippers, figurine of wondrous power (silver raven), grand vizier’s 
turban (as hat of disguise and orange prism ioun stone), headband of vast intelligence +6 (fly, 
perception, stealth), masterwork backpack, ring of protection +5, spell component pouches (2), tender 
(816gp, 1sp, 1cp), vizier’s robe (as otherworldly kimono) 
Spellbook all core wizard spells of 8
th-level and lower plus countless eyesUM, cushioning bandsUM, delay 
painUM, greater darkvision
UM, greater false life
UM, illusion of calmUC, lesser astral projectionUM, and 
ride the waves
UM 
Encumbrance light 43 lb., medium 86 lb., heavy 130 lb.; Weight Carried 49 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender), 13 
lb. without backack 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Absorb Blow (Su) As an immediate action, whenever you take hit point damage from a single source (such as a 
dragon’s breath, a spell, or a weapon), you can expend one use of mythic power to reduce the damage 
you take from that source by 5 per tier (to a minimum of 0 points of damage taken). If you have another 
ability or effect that reduces damage (such as protection from energy), reduce the damage with the 
absorb blow ability before applying any other damage-reducing effects. For every 10 points of damage 
that this ability prevents, for 1 minute you gain DR 1/epic and 5 points of resistance against acid, cold, 
electricity, fire, and sonic damage. The DR and resistances stack with any other DR and resistances that 
you have. 
Amazing Initiative (Ex) You gain a bonus on initiative checks equal to your mythic tier (included above). In 
addition, as a free action on your turn, you can expend one use of mythic power to take an additional 
standard action during that turn. This additional standard action can’t be used to cast a spell. You can’t 
gain an extra action in this way more than once per round. 
Arcane Surge (Su) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic power to cast any one arcane spell 
without expending a prepared spell or spell slot. If you prepare spells, this spell must be one you 
prepared today (even if you have already cast it); if you’re a spontaneous caster, this spell must be one 
of your spells known. If the spell requires a saving throw, any non-mythic creatures affected by the spell 
roll twice and take the lower result. If you must attempt a caster level check for the spell to overcome a 
creature’s spell resistance, you can roll your caster level check twice (adding your tier to each) and take 
the higher result. You can’t add a metamagic feat to a spell you cast using this ability. 
Bonded Object (Sp) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded object worn or in hand, you must make 
a concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A 
bonded object can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are 
capable of casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, 
including casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be 
modified by metamagic feats or other abilities. The bonded object cannot be used to cast spells from 

your opposition schools. The magic properties of your bonded object, including any magic abilities 
added to the object, only function for you. 
Counterspell Mastery (Su) You gain Improved Counterspell as a bonus feat. You may attempt to counterspell 
an opponent’s spell once per day as an immediate action (instead of a readied action). You must use a 
spell at least one level higher than the spell being countered to use this ability. You can use this ability 
once per day at 6
th-level, plus one additional time per day for every 4 levels beyond 6th. 
Deep Understanding (Ex) You automatically identify any arcane spell cast within 60 feet of you if it’s on your 
class’s spell list and you’re of a high enough level to cast it. Whenever you attempt to identify a non-
artifact magic item using detect magic, you automatically learn its properties and command words in the 
first round of the spell (no Spellcraft roll needed), but you can’t automatically determine whether it’s 
cursed. 
Disruption (Su) As a melee touch attack, you can place a disruptive field around the target. While the field is in 
place, the target must make a concentration check to cast any spell or to use a spell-like ability in 
addition to any other required concentration checks. The DC of this check is equal to 15 + twice the 
spell’s level. If the check is failed, the target’s spell is wasted. This field lasts for a number of rounds 
equal to ½ your wizard level (minimum 1). You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 
+ your Intelligence modifier. 
Diviner’s Fortune (Sp) When you activate this school power, you can touch any creature as a standard action 
to give it an insight bonus on all of its attack rolls, skill checks, ability checks, and saving throws equal 
to half your mythic tier (minimum +1) for 1 round. You can use this ability a number of times per day 
equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. 
Eldritch Breach (Su) When attempting a caster level check to dispel an effect, overcome spell resistance, or 
otherwise  determine whether your magic affects a target (such as with knock or neutralize poison), roll 
twice and take the higher result. 
Enduring Armor (Su) You are protected by armor made of force. This armor grants you an armor bonus to AC 
equal to 3 + your tier. This ability is an abjuration effect with a spell level equal to your tier. If this 
armor is dispelled or otherwise ended, you can reactivate it as a swift action. 
Fast Healing (Ex) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic power to gain fast healing 15 for 1 
minute. 
Flash of Omniscience (Ex) Your ability to recall information is astounding. When you take 10 on any 
Intelligence-based skill check, add your tier to the result. As a free action, you can expend one use of 
mythic power to ask one question as if using divination. The base chance for a correct answer is 70% + 
your highest arcane caster level + your tier (maximum 100%). The answer doesn’t come from a divine 
agent, but from your own native understanding; therefore, the answer is never cryptic. If you don’t get a 
correct answer, it’s like failing a Knowledge check, and you can’t use this ability on this question again. 
Flexible School (Ex) Select one wizard arcane school that is not your arcane school. You gain powers from that 
arcane school, treating your tier as your wizard level for the purposes of these powers. Once you have 
chosen the arcane school, it cannot be changed. You cannot select an arcane school that is one of your 
opposition schools. You must have the arcane school class feature to select this ability. You can choose 
this ability up to three times, each time selecting another arcane school other than your own. 
Force of Will (Ex) You can exert your will to force events to unfold as you would like. As an immediate 
action, you can expend one use of mythic power to reroll a d20 roll you just made, or force any non-
mythic creature to reroll a d20 roll it just made. You can use this ability after the results are revealed. 
Whoever rerolls a roll must take the result of the second roll, even if it is lower. 
Forewarned (Su) You can always act in the surprise round even if you fail to make a Perception roll to notice a 
foe, but you are still considered flat-footed until you take an action. In addition, you receive a bonus on 
initiative checks equal to half your mythic tier (minimum +1, included above). 
Greater Dispel Magic Your dispel check modifier with greater dispel magic is +34 (+36 if you have someone 
magically imprisoned within your robe). Furthermore, you can always roll twice to dispel an effect due 
to Eldritch Breach (see above). 
Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 

hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Immortal (Su) If you are killed, you return to life 24 hours later, regardless of the condition of your body or the 
means by which you were killed. When you return to life, you aren’t treated as if you had rested, and 
don’t regain the use of abilities that recharge with rest until you next rest. This ability doesn’t apply if 
you’re killed by a coup de grace or critical hit made with an artifact. 
Impervious Body (Su) You gain DR 15/epic (included above). 
Legendary Hero (Su) You regain uses of your mythic power at the rate of one use per hour, in addition to 
completely refreshing your uses each day. 
Lore Seeker You gain a +1 trait bonus on Knowledge (arcana) checks, and Knowledge (arcana) is a class skill 
for you. If you cast arcane spells, pick three spells on your spell list. You are particularly adept at casting 
these spells, so they function at +1 caster level when you cast them, and their save DCs (if any) gain a 
+1 bonus. 
Magical Lineage When you apply metamagic feats to the above spell, treat its actual level as 1 lower for 
determining the spell’s final adjusted level. 
Mirror Dodge (Su) When hit by a melee or ranged attack, you can expend one use of mythic power as an 
immediate action to replace yourself with an illusory duplicate and teleport to any open square within 30 
feet of your current position. You take no damage from this attack, which instead destroys your illusory 
duplicate (similar to mirror image). Using this ability requires a line of effect to the square into which 
you teleport. 
Mythic Saving Throws (Ex) Whenever you succeed at a saving throw against a spell or special ability, you 
suffer no effects as long as that ability didn’t come from a mythic source (such as a creature with a 
mythic tier or mythic ranks). If you fail a saving throw that results from a mythic source, you take the 
full effects as normal. 
Ongoing Spells You have cast the contingency and lesser astral projection spells upon yourself. Your real body 
resides sequestered (as the spell) in a secure location while your projection travels the material plane. 
Should you ever lose consciousness against your will you are affected as though you had cast magic jar 
upon yourself, using your bejeweled amulet as the jar. Additionally, you have used the permanency spell 
to give yourself the benefits of arcane sight, greater darkvision, and see invisibility. The following 
spells are also regularly active upon your projection: countless eyes, cushioning bands, delay pain, 
endure elements, greater false life, mind blank, moment of prescience, overland flight, protection from 
arrows, and ride the waves. What’s more, you often keep a phantom steed and an unseen servant by 
your side, mask all of your magical gear with magic aura, and conceal all of your magical writings with 
illusory script (with the suggestion to return the item to Sela, explain the reason for taking it, and to 
apologize), excluding those that are already subject to explosive runes. All ongoing spell effects function 
at 16
th-caster level (and thus require a DC 27 caster level check to dispel). Their respective effects are 
included in the above stats where appropriate. 
Perfect Preparation (Ex) You have discovered the secret to preparing spells without having to refer to outside 
sources. You no longer need to prepare spells from a spellbook. You still must spend the normal amount 
of time preparing spells. You may keep or discard your spellbook. 
Recuperation (Ex) You are restored to full hit points after 8 hours of rest so long as you aren’t dead. In 
addition, by expending one use of mythic power and resting for 1 hour, you regain a number of hit 
points equal to half your full hit points (up to a maximum of your full hit points) and regain the use of 
any class features that are limited to a certain number of uses per day (such as barbarian rage, bardic 
performance, spells per day, and so on). This rest is treated as 8 hours of sleep for such abilities. This 
rest doesn’t refresh uses of mythic power or any mythic abilities that are limited to a number of times 
per day. 
Resistance (Ex) You gain resistance 10 to an energy type of your choice, chosen when you prepare spells. This 
resistance can be changed each day. Unless specified otherwise, assume it applies against fire. 

Scrying Adept (Su) You are always aware when you are being observed via magic, as if you had a permanent 
detect scrying. In addition, whenever you scry on a subject, treat the subject as one step more familiar to 
you. Very familiar subjects get a –10 penalty on their save to avoid your scrying attempts. 
Surge (Su) You can call upon your mythic power to overcome difficult challenges. You can expend one use of 
mythic power to increase any d20 roll you just made by rolling 1d12 and adding it to the result. Using 
this ability is an immediate action taken after the result of the original roll is revealed. This can change 
the outcome of the roll.  
True Defender (Su) Whenever you take damage from a melee or ranged attack scored by a nonmythic creature, 
the damage is halved. This reduction is applied after all other reductions in damage, such as energy 
resistance or damage reduction. Once per round, when an enemy scores a critical hit against you, you 
regain one use of mythic power. 
Unstoppable (Ex) You can expend one use of mythic power as a free action to immediately end any one of the 
following conditions currently affecting you: bleed, blind, confused, cowering, dazed, dazzled, 
deafened, entangled, exhausted, fascinated, fatigued, frightened, nauseated, panicked, paralyzed, shaken, 
sickened, staggered, or stunned. All other conditions and effects remain, even those resulting from the 
same spell or effect that caused the selected condition. You can use this ability at the start of your turn 
even if a condition would prevent you from acting. 