

Setsuna Blaine, unstable murderd sports star 
“I’m just too fast—even for you.” 

Setsuna Blaine was a promising young shock boxing star from Verces 
who trained with skilled Kasatha martial artists. After a few years of 
success, he slowly began to lose out to more and more cybernetically 
enhanced challengers. Before long, the crowds stopped attending his 
matches  and  instead  sought  the  excitement  provided  by  the 
cybernetically augmented combatants. To save his career and remain 
competitive, Setsuna opted to undergo a series of drastic cybernetic 
enhancement surgeries himself. 

Soon after his recovery, Setsuna was forced to begin working with a 
crooked  fight  promoter  to  gain  the  additional  financial  support  he 
needed to pay off the debt left over from his many surgeries. Setsuna 
again found success. He rose through the ranks and eventually won 
the right to challenge the Pact Worlds’ shock boxing champion. 

During the final match of Setsuna’s athletic career, seconds before he 
was  about  to  deliver  the  fatal  blow  to  the  reigning  champion,  his 
cybernetic heart shut down, killing him. Setsuna’s corrupt fight promoter had traded his own fighter’s life for a 
sure bet on the championship fight. An advanced electronic virus, designed to shut down all his vital systems, 
had been secretly implanted in Setsuna’s cybernetic systems during his final surgery. 

One of Setsuna’s trusted friends carried his body offstage and attempted to resuscitate him. When that failed, 
he discovered and managed to isolate the deadly virus, restoring Setsuna’s cybernetic systems back to normal. 
Still clinically dead, Setsuna was then rushed to the nearest hospital and resuscitated. The doctors and medical 
androids managed to revive the young shock boxer, but at a terrible cost. Setsuna’s doctors had taken too long, 
and he suffered massive brain damage as a result. Though his life was saved, Setsuna forever lost much of what 
still made him human. 

Setsuna now relies on a new cybernetic implant; an artificial processor and exocortex that interacts with and 
augments his biological brain’s functions, allowing him to continue to stay alive. Merely a shadow of what he 
once was, and thought dead by most members of the public, Setsuna is now shadowed by a 24-hour caretaker 
whose job is as much to keep him out of trouble as it is to keep him alive. 

The debilitated sports star one day hopes to uncover the mystery behind his downfall, and try to regain all he 
once had. To that end, he has taught himself as much as he can about computers and computer viruses. This 
has  ultimately  allowed him  to  weaponize the  very  computer  virus  that  killed him,  using  it  to disrupt  nearby 
technological systems. However, between his newfound inability to feel emotions, frequent migraines, heavy 
drinking, and violent outbursts, such a second chance for this fighter may prove quite impossible. His friends 
and caretaker, in the meantime, ceaselessly struggle to keep him from landing an extended stay in prison. 

   

SETSUNE BLAINE 
Male human icon soldier 1/mechanic 8 
CN Medium humanoid (human) 
Init +9; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +12 

DEFENSE  SP 73     HP 59     RP 10 
EAC 27; KAC 29 (armor +13/+15, Dex +3, insight +1) 
Fort +10, Ref +11 (may reroll), Will +4 
Defensive Abilities electrostatic field (1d6 E), hyperclocking, overclocking; Resistances electricity 5 

OFFENSE 
Speed 50 ft. (10 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +13 (2d6+24 B) or 
aurora polarity gauntlets +13 (2d6+10 E; operative, polarize 1d6, powered) 
Ranged tactical infinity rifle +10 (1d6+9 F; boost 1d6) 
Offensive Abilities combat tracking, miracle worker, overload (DC 15) 

STATISTICS 
Str 22 (+6); Dex 16 (+3); Con 14 (+2); Int 12 (+1); Wis 10 (+0); Cha 13 (+1) 
Skills Acrobatics +14, Athletics +20 (+28 to jump), Computers +15, Culture +7, Engineering +12, Perception 
+14, Profession (athlete) +14; Armor Check Penalty –1 
Feats Improved Unarmed Strike, MobilityB, Sidestep, Skill Focus (athleticsB), Step Up, Step Up and 
Strike, Versatile Specialization 
Languages Common, Kasatha, Vercite 
Other Abilities artificial intelligence (exocortex), bypass +2, celebrity, custom rig (datajack), exocortex mods 
(speed), expert rig (security I), memory module, nightvision processor, primary fighting style (blitz), 
rapid response, remote hack (DC 23), theme knowledge, visual data processor, weapon specialization, 
wireless hack 
Combat Gear spare ammunition (battery); Other Gear advanced armored keikogi (as iridishell, see below; 
upgrade: Mk I electrostatic field), aurora polarity gauntlets (weapon accessory: inertial dampener), 
clothing (everyday, professional, travel), credstick (31 credits), hygiene kit, personal comm unit, ring of 
slams (as ring of fangs, but see below), tactical infinity rifle; Augmentations cardiac accelerator, 
prosthetic limbs (2 arms), standard datajack, synaptic accelerators (Strength Mk II, Dexterity Mk I) 
Encumbrance Limits unencumbered 0 - 11, encumbered 12 - 22, overburdened 23+; Current Bulk 5.3 

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bypass (Ex) You are skilled at getting inside computer systems and electronic devices. You gain a +2 insight 
bonus to Computers and Engineering skill checks (included above). 
Celebrity You are famous enough that pretty much everyone has either heard of you or can quickly find 
information about you (it’s a DC 10 Culture check to recognize your name and a DC 20 Culture check 
for someone to recognize you out of context from your appearance alone). Among those who follow 
your iconic profession, you’ve built up both fans and detractors due to your celebrity. If you’re looking 
for a generic person like “a doctor who can treat this disease,” you can almost always find one who’s a 
fan and whose attitude starts as friendly or helpful to you; this takes 2d4 hours. At the GM’s discretion, 
fans might give you services (although not goods) for a discount or even for free. 
Combat Tracking (Ex) Your exocortex provides you with enhanced combat ability, granting you proficiency 
with heavy armor and longarms. You also gain weapon specialization in longarms just as if your class 
granted proficiency. As a move action during combat, you can designate a foe for your exocortex to 

track. As long as that target is in sight, the exocortex feeds you telemetry, vulnerabilities, and combat 
tactics, allowing you to make attacks against that target as if your base attack bonus from your 
mechanic levels were equal to your mechanic level. Designating another target causes you to 
immediately lose this bonus against the previous target. 
Custom Rig (Ex) While using this rig, you always count as having the appropriate tool or basic kit for any 
Computers or Engineering skill check you attempt. In addition, you can use your custom rig as a 
personal comm unit. If your custom rig is damaged, destroyed, lost, or stolen, you can kitbash a new 
one from any engineering kit, hacking kit, or other technological toolkit, reconfiguring the materials 
into a new custom rig with 1 hour of work. You can have only one custom rig at a time. If you create a 
new custom rig, your old one functions as a normal toolkit of whatever type you made it from and can 
no longer be used with your mechanic tricks. 
Exocortex Mods (Ex) Your land speed increases by 10 feet (included above). 
Expert Rig (Ex) Whenever you use your custom rig to successfully hack into a computer, you can also disable 
one countermeasure installed in the system (except firewalls). In addition, your custom rig can now be 
used as any engineering or hacking specialty kit of item level 6th or lower, and it has the features of a 
computer with a tier equal to half your level with the artificial personality, hardened, or security I 
upgrade module. It also has an audio/video recorder. You can add extra modules or countermeasures 
to your custom rig at the normal prices. You can also use your custom rig to communicate over an 
encrypted channel with your ship, allowing you to access your ship’s downloaded data sets and 
transponder at a range of 5 miles. If you have a drone, you can issue commands to or directly control 
your drone at the same range. 
Hyperclocking (Ex) You gain a +1 insight bonus to AC (included above). In addition, whenever you fail a Reflex 
saving throw, you can spend 1 Resolve Point to reroll the saving throw and take the higher result. 
Memory Module (Ex) You can use your exocortex’s memory module to enhance your own knowledge. Once 
per day, as a reaction while not in combat, you can reroll a failed skill check to recall knowledge. In 
addition, your exocortex grants you the Skill Focus feat as a bonus feat. You can’t use your exocortex’s 
memory module while combat tracking is activated. Every time you gain a mechanic level, you can 
rebuild your exocortex’s memory module, replacing the exocortex’s bonus Skill Focus feat with Skill 
Focus in a different skill. 
Miracle Worker (Ex) As a move action, you can repair damage to a starship’s systems or modify a suit of armor 
or weapon to function more efficiently. To use this ability, you must be able to handle the item 
affected without impediment. You can use this ability once per day. The exact effect of this ability 
depends on the object or system you are modifying. 
Armor: You grant a +2 enhancement bonus to a suit of armor’s EAC and KAC for 1 minute. 
Weapon: You grant a +2 enhancement bonus to a weapon’s attack and damage rolls for 1 minute. 
Damaged Ship: You restore a number of Hull Points equal to the starship's base frame HP 
increment. If this raises the ship’s HP over a multiple of its Critical Threshold, you can repair critical 
damage to one system per multiple, reducing its severity by one step. Using this ability during starship 
combat is your action for the turn, and you can do it only during the engineering phase. 
Nightvision Processor (Ex) Your visual data processor allows you to see better in conditions of poor lighting, 
granting you low-light vision and darkvision to a range of 60 feet. 
Overclocking (Ex) You gain a +2 insight bonus to initiative checks and Reflex saves (included above). 
Overload (Ex) As a standard action, you can cause a short in an electronic device, including most ranged 
energy weapons, melee weapons with the powered special property, or a single armor upgrade. This 
makes the device nonfunctional for 1 round. Overload doesn’t cause a locked door, safe, or other 
device to open, but it prevents anyone from opening it for 1 round. You can use this ability on any 
electronic device within range of your exocortex’s wireless hack. If you use overload on an item or 
armor upgrade in someone’s possession, the owner can attempt a Reflex saving throw to negate the 
effect (DC = 10 + half your mechanic level + your Intelligence modifier). Overload doesn’t affect 

androids, cybernetics, drones, powered armor, robots, or creatures with the technological subtype (all 
of which have shielding against this sort of attack), or items larger than Medium. Once a device has 
been successfully overloaded, a residual static charge prevents that device from being overloaded 
again for 1 minute. 
Rapid Response (Ex) You gain a +4 bonus to initiative checks and increase your land speed by 10 feet (included 
above). 
Remote Hack (Ex) You can use your custom rig to attempt Computers and Engineering skill checks at a range 
of 40 feet. A target of this ability (or a creature attending or observing your target) can attempt a 
Perception or Sense Motive check (DC = 10 + 1½ × your mechanic level + your Intelligence modifier) to 
determine that you are the origin of this activity. 
Theme Knowledge When attempting a Profession or Culture check to recall knowledge about other icons of 
your profession or details about your profession’s cultural aspects, decrease the DC by 5. You gain a +1 
bonus to checks with your chosen Profession skill. Culture also becomes a class skill for you. 
Visual Data Processor (Ex) You notice even the smallest shifts in movement, temperature, and vibration, 
gaining the insight bonus from your bypass class feature to Perception skill checks (included above). 
Weapon Specialization (Ex) You gain the Weapon Specialization feat as a bonus feat for each weapon type 
with which the Mechanic class grants you proficiency. 
Wireless Hack (Ex) Instead of combat tracking, your exocortex can access another computer system within 20 
feet, allowing it to attempt a Computers check against that computer each round, using your skill 
bonus. This counts as a standard action for the purpose of the Computers skill. You must remain within 
20 feet of the computer system for the entire time your exocortex is interacting with the computer. If 
the task requires multiple actions (or even rounds) to accomplish, you can spend your actions to work 
in concert with your exocortex, counting both your action and the exocortex’s effective standard action 
toward the total time required. 

GEAR DESCRIPTIONS 
Armored Keikogi A keikogi is a martial arts training uniform that originated among the many martial arts 
traditions of ancient Tian Xia. It comprised primarily of three parts that were usually cut from different 
fabrics: a very heavy jacket, lighter canvas pants, and a cotton belt. Though like the shorter styles of 
kimono, a keikogi was invariably made from heavy-weight cotton or cotton blend. Due to the nature of 
martial arts practice, they commonly had heavier stitching and double-layered knee patches to provide 
durability. An armored keikogi is not meant for training however, but for war, and has been upgraded 
with modern high-tech fibers, concealed fortified plates, contingent force fields, and rebreathers to 
protect the wearer in hostile environmental conditions. It is statistically identical to iridishell armor and 
uses the same naming conventions for its quality rating (basic, advanced, or superior). 
Cardiac Accelerator This implant plugs directly into your heart and can be triggered to overclock the 
performance of your heart and circulatory system. When you run, charge, or take a move action to 
move, you can spend 1 Resolve Point to increase your speed (in the relevant mode of movement) by 
20 feet for that action. This extra movement is treated as an enhancement bonus (and thus does not 
stack with the 20-foot land speed boost granted by your speed suspension implant). Alternatively, you 
can spend 1 Resolve Point as a reaction when you attempt a Reflex saving throw to gain a +1 
enhancement bonus to your roll. 
Custom Rig Your custom rig is installed as a cybernetic augmentation system in your brain, exists as part of 
your exocortex, and is easily accessible via datajack. It has the features of a computer with a tier equal 
to half your mechanic level with the security I upgrade (tier 4 computer, DC 30 to hack) and lockout 
(one attempt) and wipe countermeasures (one attempt, wipes any stored audio/visual recording data). 
Professional Clothing Your professional clothing consists of a vibrant robe and a pair of athletic shorts meant 
to be worn during shockboxing matches or, at times, during press conferences. The uniform is also 
commonly worn with protective headgear, a mouth guard, arm wraps, and a pair of polarity gauntlets. 

Ring of Slams When you wear this ring, your arms become far denser, giving you a powerful slam attack. You 
can choose to have your unarmed attacks deal lethal bludgeoning damage, and if you are 3rd level or 
higher, you automatically gain a special version of the Weapon Specialization feat that adds double 
your level to the damage of these unarmed attacks (rather than adding your level). Usage of such items 
during shock boxing matches is grounds for immediate disqualification. 