

She’er Falen 
Female ifrit arcanist 15 (elemental master) 
CN Medium outsider (native) 
Init +11; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +14 
Languages Aquan, Auran, Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Halfling, Ignan, 
Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 21, touch 21, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +7 Dex); mage armor 
hp 84 (15 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +17, Will +13 
Defensive Abilities evasion; SR 26 
OFFENSE 
Speed 70 ft. (14 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland flight 
Melee by weapon +7 
Ranged by weapon+14 
Special Attacks arcane reservoir (10/day, 18 max), burning flame (8d8+3), elemental attack 
Bloodline Spell-Like Abilities (CL 15
th; Concentration +23) 
1/day – enlarge person or reduce person 
Arcanist Spells Prepared (CL 15
th; Concentration +23) 
7th  (4/day) – elemental body IV, plane shiftF, summon monster VII 
6th  (5/day) – beast shape IV, chain lightning, Falen’s phoenix (see below), greater dispel magic 
5th  (5/day) – baleful polymorph, cone of cold, overland flight, scorching ray (maximized), teleport 
4
th  (5/day) – fire shield, greater invisibility, lesser globe of invulnerability, scorching ash form
ARG, wall 
of fire 
3rd  (6/day) – Falen’s firebird (see below), firestreamARG, haste, lightning bolt, protection from energy 
2nd (6/day) – acid arrow, burning hands (intensified), flaming sphere, gust of wind, pyrotechnics, see 
invisibility 
1st  (6/day) – charm person, feather fall, mage armor, magic missile, shield, touch of combustionARG 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, flare, light, mage hand, mending, message, prestidigitation, 
read magic, sparkAPG, 
Elemental Focus fire; Opposed Element water 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 24 (+7), Con 13 (+1), Int 24 (+7), Wis 8 (–1), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +7; CMD 24 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Eldritch Researcher (completed), Elemental Focus (fire), Empower SpellB, Greater 
Elemental Focus (fire), Intensify Spell, Maximize Spell, Quicken Spell, Spell Perfection (Falen’s 
firebird) 
Skills Acrobatics +7 (+19 when jumping), Escape Artist +22, Fly +25, Intimidate +18, Knowledge (arcana) 
+25, Knowledge (nature) +25, Knowledge (planes) +25, Perception +14, Spellcraft +25, Stealth +22, 
Use Magic Device +21 
SQ arcanist exploits (burning flame, flame arc, metamagic knowledge, metamixing, potent magic), consume 
spells (3/day), efreeti magic, elemental movement, fire-starter, wildfire heart 
Combat Gear wand of cure light wounds (30 charges); Other Gear bag of holding (type I), belt of incredible 
dexterity +6, blessed books (2, 698 pages remaining), boots of striding and springing, cloak of 
resistance +5, headband of vast intellect +6 (escape artist, fly, stealth), medallion of thoughts, She’er’s 
mantle of denial (as mantle of spell resistance, but grants SR 26 and has CL 14
th), spell component 
pouch, tender (70gp) 
Spellbook all core sorcerer/wizard spells of 7
th-level and lower plus chains of fire
ARG, Falen’s firebird, Falen’s 
phoenix, firestreamARG, scorching ash formARG, touch of combustionARG 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 23 lb. 1 oz. (excluding tender) 

SPECIALABILITIES 
Arcane Reservoir (Su) You have an innate pool of magical energy that you can draw upon to fuel your arcanist 
exploits and enhance your spells. Your arcane reservoir can hold a maximum amount of magical energy 
equal to 3 + your arcanist level. Each day, when preparing spells, your arcane reservoir fills with raw 
magical energy, gaining a number of points equal to 3 + ½ your arcanist level. Any points you had from 
the previous day are lost. You can also regain these points through the consume spells class feature and 
some arcanist exploits. The arcane reservoir can never hold more points than the maximum amount 
noted above; points gained in excess of this total are lost. Points from the arcanist reservoir are used to 
fuel many of your powers. In addition, you can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir as a free 
action whenever you cast an arcanist spell. If you do, you can choose to increase the caster level by 1 or 
increase the spell’s DC by 1. You can expend no more than 1 point from your reservoir on a given spell 
in this way. 
Burning Flame (Su) Whenever you use the flame arc exploit, you can expend 2 points from your arcane 
reservoir instead of one. If you do, each target catches on fire if it fails its saving throw. Until the fire is 
extinguished, the target takes 3d6 points of fire damage at the start of each of its turns. The target can 
attempt a Reflex saving throw as a full-round action to extinguish the flames. Applying at least 1 gallon 
of water to the target automatically extinguishes the flames. 
Consume Spells (Su) You can expend an available arcanist spell slot as a move action, making it unavailable 
for the rest of the day, just as if you had used it to cast a spell. You can use this ability a number of times 
per day equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum 1). Doing this adds a number of points to your 
arcane reservoir equal to the level of the spell slot consumed. You cannot consume cantrips (0 level 
spells) in this way. Points gained in excess of the reservoir’s maximum are lost. 
Elemental Movement (Su) Your base speed increases by 30 feet (included above). 
Fire-Starter Anytime you cause a creature to catch fire, you gain a +1 morale bonus on the next single attack 
roll, saving throw, skill check, or ability check that you make in the next round. You only gain this 
bonus the first time you cause a particular creature to catch fire; subsequent times the creature catches 
fire provide no bonus. 
Flame Arc (Su) You can unleash an arc of flame by expending 1 point from your arcane reservoir. This creates 
a 30-foot line of flame that deals 1d6 points of fire damage + the your Charisma modifier, plus an 
additional 1d6 points of fire damage for every 2 levels beyond 1st (to a maximum of 10d6 at 19th-level) 
to each target in the line. Creatures in the area of effect may attempt a Reflex saving throw to halve the 
damage. 
Potent Magic (Su) Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to increase the caster level of a 
spell, the caster level increases by 2 instead of 1. Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane 
reservoir to increase the spell’s DC, it increases by 2 instead of 1. 
Powerful Exploit (Su) The damage dice for your flame arc exploit increase to d8s, and the range increases to a 
60-foot line. 
Wildfire Heart You gain a +4 racial bonus on initiative checks. 
 

Falen’s Firbird 
School conjuration (creation) [fire]; Level sorcerer/wizard 3 
Casting Time 1 standard action 
Components V, S 
Range medium (100 ft. + 10 ft./level) 
Target One creature, object, or point in space 
Effect One flaming bird the size of a sparrow 
Area one 5-ft. square or the target’s space, whichever is larger (see text) 
Duration Instantaneous  
Saving Throw Reflex half (see text); Spell Resistance Yes 
 
You create a bright, flaming bird which streaks from  your outstretched 
hand to attack a target  of  your choice  within range of the  spell. The 
firebird flies to your target, dodging obstacles as it does so, and envelops 
the victim in a hellish inferno, dealing 1d6 fire damage per caster level 
(maximum 10d6) to anything in its space. When you cast this spell, make 
a ranged touch attack, ignoring bonuses for cover (if you know which square the target is in and there is an open 
path to it, you can even ignore total cover as the firebird flies around corners, through small windows, etc.). You 
must roll for concealment as normal. If you hit, the target takes a –4 penalty on its Reflex save against the spell. 
If you miss, the target makes its save as normal. Anything else sharing the target’s space is considered to have 
been missed by the spell, taking damage and making saves as normal for an area of effect spell. 
 
Falen’s Phoenix 
Level sorcerer/wizard 6 
Range medium (100 ft. + 10 ft./level) 
Targets one primary target, plus one secondary target per four levels (each of which must be within 30 ft. of the 
primary target) 
Effect One flaming bird the size of a hawk 
 
As Falen’s firebird, but the damage cap is raised to 20d6 and your firebird can accost multiple targets as shown 
above (to a maximum of five secondary targets at 20
th level). Furthermore, targets who fail their saves catch on 
fire, taking 2d6 fire damage each round until the fire can be extinguished (using the DC of this spell). Only the 
primary target risks suffering a penalty on their saving throw unless you miss, in which case you may choose to 
roll against a secondary target until you successfully hit one, or until you miss all of the available targets. You 
may not roll against a given target more than once with a single casting of this spell. 