

Shioji Petilom 
“The desire of gold is not for gold. It is for the means of 
freedom and benefit.” 
 
Like many halflings, Shioji has always been  driven by  an 
unlikely pairing of curiosity and luck. His parents, both slaves to 
Chelish nobles, were forced to aid in the conjuring of horrible 
monsters. They fostered in their only son a hunger for justice that 
was rivaled only by his optimism and determination. Perhaps the 
result of his parents’  magical abilities, Shioji has  always 
possessed a natural understanding of the mystical inner workings 
of magic—something he and his parents  concealed from their 
Chelish overseers.  Combining this with his  devotion to Abadar,  Shioji  quickly  developed  great powers both 
arcane and divine. 
 
Fearing his magical abilities would soon be discovered and that he too would be forced to partake in the dark 
rituals, Shioji’s parents introduced him to an agent of the Bellflower Network that had implanted himself within 
their noble family. After a month of planning, the agent spirited him away in the dead of night after faking the 
boy’s death. 
 
By the time he became an adult, Shioji himself had become a proud member of the secret organization, and had 
even been able to rescue his mother from enslavement. Freed from having to hide his natural abilities, Shioji 
found the perfect fit for his curiosity, drive, and magical acumen in his new role. Unfortunately, it was too late 
for his father, who had been thrown into the maw of a ravenous fiend in order to buy a reckless Chelish summoner 
time to escape. Even after nearly a decade of searching for  and rescuing fellow halfling slaves, the failure to 
rescue his father continued to haunt him. Ultimately, his father’s demise would arouse in him an uncontrollable 
sense that he could’ve done more, that he could still do more—feelings that he now believes were guided by the 
hand of Abadar himself. 
 
To combat his growing frustration, Shioji ultimately left the Bellflower Network, intending to travel the world in 
search of ever greater evils and injustices to fight as a paladin and evangelist of Abadar, whose orderly teachings 
brought him a sense of solace during his darkest times. During his travels, Shioji encountered numerous threats 
to various civilizations of the world. Over the course of the next fifty years, he thwarted the plots of powerful 
fiends and bandit kings, stopped the rampages of an ancient dragon, and even stalled an interplanar invasion of 
darkfolk led by an immortal being calling himself the Raven King. Shioji is also singlehandedly responsible for 
bringing order and law to many of the darker places of the world, orchestrating the beginnings of several new 
cities throughout the Inner Sea region, particularly throughout the Stolen Lands of the River Kingdoms. 
 
Though  Shioji rarely seeks out  halfling slaves to rescue  anymore,  he still abhors the injustice of  slavery, and 
continues to support the Bellflower network in his old age by sending them a steady stream of gold, supplies, and 
young apprentices trained in the arcane arts, healing, and spy craft. 
 
Well into his retirement now, Shioji is most disquieted. Despite all of his great deeds, and his advanced age, Shioji 
can’t shake the feeling that his job isn’t done yet, that everything leading up to this point was merely to prepare 
him for an even greater destiny. He is certain that something even bigger and more horrible than anything he has 
ever faced is lurking just over the next horizon, waiting for the right time to reveal itself to the world—a living 
nightmare so terrible that even Shioji fears he will be unable to stop it. 
   

Shioji Petilom 
Male venerable halfling paladin 2/sorcerer 3/evangelist 10/oracle 1 
LG Small humanoid (halfling) 
Init +15; Senses Perception +22 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Goblin, Halfling 
DEFENSE 
AC 40, touch 27, flat-footed 25 (+8 armor, +13 Cha, +2 dodge, +1 
insight, +5 natural, +1 size) 
hp 154 (16 HD) 
Fort +31, Ref +38, Will +32; +4 vs. effects from chaotic creatures, 
+2 vs. fear 
Defensive Abilities divine grace +13, evasion, fated +3, protective grace +2; Immune fatigue 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares) 
Melee flail +11/+6 (1d6–1), or 
kukri +11/+6 (1d3–1/18-20) 
Ranged heavy crossbow +15 (1d8+3/19-20) 
Special Attacks it was meant to be (1/day), smite evil 1/day (+13 attack and AC, +2 damage), sneaky bolt 
Bloodline Spell-Like Abilities (CL 15th; Concentration +29) 
16/day – touch of destiny (+8 insight bonus) 
Evangelist Spell-Like Abilities (CL 16th; Concentration +31; choose one of the following each day) 
3/day – comprehend languages 
2/day – calm emotions 
1/day – glibness 
Paladin Spell-Like Abilities (CL 2
nd; Concentration +17) 
At Will – detect evil 
Oracle Spells Known (CL 2
nd; Concentration +17) 
1st  (7/day) – bane, bless, cure light wounds 
0  (at will) – create water, detect poison, guidance, purify food and drink, stabilize 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 15th; Concentration +29) 
7th  (6/day) – banishment, greater age resistanceUM 
6th  (8/day) – disintegrate, greater heroism, misleadB, permanent image 
5th  (9/day) – break enchantmentB, cone of cold, telekinesis, teleport, wall of force 
4th  (9/day) – ball lightingAPG, enervation, fire shield, freedom of movementB, greater invisibility 
3rd  (9/day) – aqueous orbAPG, dispel magic, fireball, fly, protection from energyB 
2
nd (9/day) – acid arrow, blurB, disguise otherB UM, glitterdust, hideous laughter, knock
B, scorching ray, 
see invisibility 
1st  (10/day) – alarm
B, endure elements, magic missile, protection from evil, shield, true strike 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, light, mage hand, mending, message, open/close, 
prestidigitation, read magic 
Bloodline destined; Deity Abadar; Mystery lore 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (+1), Dex 16 (+5), Con 18 (+6), Int 17 (+5), Wis 13 (+3), Cha 37 (+15) 
Base Atk +10; CMB +9; CMD 40 
Feats Craft Wondrous Items, Defensive Combat Training, Deific Obedience, Eschew Materials
B, Maximize 
SpellB, Noble Scion (scion of war), Reward of Life, Silent Spell, Spell Perfection (disintegrate), Still 
Spell 
Skills Acrobatics +9 (+5 when jumping), Appraise +9, Bluff +34, Climb +5, Craft (all) +9, Diplomacy +34, 
Disguise +34 (+38 in cities), Escape Artist +9, Fly +11 (+17 with fly), Heal +7, Intimidate +19, 
Knowledge (arcana) +24, Knowledge (religion) +11, Perception +22, Perform (all) +19, Ride +9, Sense 

Motive +7, Spellcraft +24, Stealth +28, Survival +7, Swim +5, Use Magic Device +28; Racial 
Modifiers +2 Perception 
SQ aligned class (sorcerer), aura of good (moderate), bloodline arcana (gains a luck bonus to saves 
when casting personal-range spells), city dweller, code of conduct, detect evil, diplomat, esoteric 
training, fleet of foot, gift of tongues (dwarven, elven), lay on hands (1d6, 14/day), multitude of talents, 
obedience, oracle’s curse: lame, senior guild member (wondrous items), sidestep secret, skilled 
(Disguise, Stealth), spellcasting guild member (80 fame, 80 PP), spiritual form (16 minutes/day), 
weapon familiarity 
Combat Gear crossbow bolts (10), potions (cure light wounds 10), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); 
Other Gear amulet of natural armor +5, belt of mighty constitution +6, bracers of armor +8, cloak of 
resistance +4 (doubles as muleback cords), flail, gems (collectively worth 200gp), hat of disguise, 
headband of alluring charisma +6 (charisma), heavy crossbow, ioun stones (clear spindle, dusty rose 
prism, iridescent spindle, pale blue rhomboid, pale green prism), kukri, masterwork backpack, 
merchant’s scale, old keys, pages of spell knowledge (disguise other, knock), ring of evasion, robes of 
arcane heritage, stone of good luck, tender (10gp, 200sp, 100cp), tome of leadership and influence +5 
(read) 
Encumbrance light 64 lb. 8 oz., medium 129 lb. 12 oz., heavy 195 lb.; Weight Carried 16 lb. 3 oz. (excluding 
tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Aligned Class (Ex) You gain all the class features for one chosen class, essentially adding every evangelist 
level beyond 1
st to your aligned class to determine what class features you gain. You still retain the Hit 
Dice, base attack bonus, saving throw bonuses, and skill ranks of the evangelist prestige class, but gain 
all other class features of your aligned class as well as those of the evangelist prestige class. 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell with a range of personal, you gain a luck bonus equal to the 
spell’s level on your saving throws for 1 round. 
City Dweller (Ex) You never become lost in cities of more than 5,000 inhabitants—upon entering a city, even 
for the first time, you can always retrace your steps and intuit where particular districts must be. 
Furthermore, you pick up local accents and vernacular instantly, giving you the cant of a citizen. You 
also gain a +4 sacred or profane bonus on Disguise and Knowledge (local) checks while in the bounds of 
a city. 
Divine Grace (Su) You gain a bonus equal to your Charisma bonus on all saving throws (included above). 
Fated (Su) You gain a +1 luck bonus on all of your saving throws and to your AC during surprise rounds and 
when you are otherwise unaware of an attack. At 7
th-level and every four levels thereafter, this bonus 
increases by +1, to a maximum of +5 at 19
th-level. 
Gift of Tongues You know an additional two languages, which you can speak and write fluently. 
It Was Meant To Be (Su) You may reroll any one attack roll, critical hit confirmation roll, or level check made 
to overcome spell resistance. You must decide to use this ability after the first roll is made but before the 
results are revealed by the GM. You must take the second result, even if it is worse. At 9th-level, you can 
use this ability once per day. At 17th-level, you can use this ability twice per day. 
Lay On Hands (Su) You can heal wounds (your own or those of others) by touch. Each day you can use this 
ability a number of times equal to ½ your paladin level plus your Charisma modifier. With one use of 
this ability, you can heal 1d6 hit points of damage for every two paladin levels you possess. Using this 
ability is a standard action, unless you target yourself, in which case it is a swift action. Despite the 
name of this ability, you only need one free hand to use this ability. Alternatively, you can use this 
healing power to deal damage to undead creatures, dealing 1d6 points of damage for every two paladin 
levels you possess. Using lay on hands in this way requires a successful melee touch attack and doesn’t 
provoke an attack of opportunity. Undead do not receive a saving throw against this damage. 
Esoteric Training Due to your membership in a spellcasting guild (and Fame score of 80) you gain a +3 bonus 
to your caster level with sorcerer spells and a +1 bonus to your caster level with oracle spells (up to a 
maximum of your character level). These bonuses grant you additional spells known and spells per day 
for your modified caster level. 

Multitude of Talents (Ex) You gain a +4 sacred bonus on any skill check attempted with a skill in which you 
have no ranks. This bonus applies only to skill checks that can be made untrained. 
Obedience (Ex) In order to maintain the abilities granted by the evangelist prestige class, including all abilities 
gained from aligned class, you must perform a daily obedience to your chosen deity. 
Oracle’s Curse: Lame Your base land speed is reduced by 10 feet (included above). Additionally, your speed 
is never reduced due to encumbrance. You are immune to the fatigued condition (but not exhaustion). 
Protective Grace (Su) You gain a +2 Dodge bonus to your armor class (included above). 
Sidestep Secret (Su) Add your Charisma modifier (instead of your Dexterity modifier) to your Armor Class, 
CMD, and all Reflex saving throws. Your armor’s maximum Dexterity bonus applies to your Charisma 
instead of your Dexterity. 
Skilled Disguise and Stealth are always considered class skills for you. 
Smite Evil (Su) Once per day, as a swift action, you can choose one target within sight to smite. If this target is 
evil, you add your Charisma bonus to your attack rolls and add your paladin level to all damage rolls 
made against the target of your smite. If the target of smite evil is an outsider with the evil subtype, an 
evil-aligned dragon, or an undead creature, the bonus to damage on the first successful attack increases 
to 2 points of damage per paladin level you possess. Regardless of the target, smite evil attacks 
automatically bypass any DR the creature might possess. In addition, while smite evil is in effect, you 
gain a deflection bonus equal to your Charisma modifier to your AC against attacks made by the target 
of the smite. If you target a creature that is not evil, your smite is wasted with no effect. The smite evil 
effect remains until the target of the smite is dead or the next time you rest and regain your uses of this 
ability. 
Sneaky Bolt (Ex) Three times per day, you can snipe with a crossbow while hidden, and have little chance of 
revealing your location. You must declare your use of this ability before you roll your attack. You can 
use this ability only if your target is within 30 feet of you and unaware of your presence or precise 
location. Once you roll your attack, immediately attempt a Stealth check for sniping without the normal 
–20 penalty. 
Spiritual Form (Su) You gain the ability to assume a spiritual form. Assuming this form is a standard action, 
and you can remain in spiritual form for a number of minutes per day equal to your character level. This 
duration does not need to be consecutive, but it must be used in 1-minute increments. Returning to your 
normal form is a free action. While in spiritual form, you gain a +4 bonus to Charisma and a pair of 
wings (granting you a fly speed of 40 feet with good maneuverability). 
Touch of Destiny (Sp) You can touch a creature as a standard action, giving it an insight bonus on attack rolls, 
skill checks, ability checks, and saving throws equal to ½ your sorcerer level (minimum 1) for 1 round. 
You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. 
Weapon Familiarity You are proficient with slings and treat any weapon with the word “halfling” in its name 
as a martial weapon. 
Within Reach (Su) Your ultimate destiny is drawing near. Once per day, when an attack or spell that causes 
damage would result in your death, you may attempt a DC 20 Will save. If successful, you are instead 
reduced to –1 hit points and are automatically stabilized. The bonus from your fated ability applies to 
this save. 
 