

Shisio Dafoe 
“I am here to help you.” 
 
Shisio appears to be a frozen knight covered in an unending 
layer of frost. His skin is a brilliant transparent blue with 
glimpses of liquid beneath. Frost forms across his hands and 
arms, dripping down to form knife-like icicles. Despite his 
rigid, frozen appearance, he moves about gracefully and 
methodically. 
 
Every breath he breathes hisses out into a cold white mist. The 
air surrounding him is always bitterly cold and even blows 
mystical snow as ice crystals spread from his very footprints. 
Despite being a tall ominous figure, Shisio has a calming effect 
on those around him. 
 
Despite being a knight, Shisio wears magical white robes, 
which would be better fit for powerful spellcasters. His robe, 
like the rest of his form, is covered in a layer of slick ice. 
Shisio is generally as quiet and calm as the morning snow. 
When filled with righteous anger, however, his temperament is 
more volatile and dangerous than a raging arctic blizzard. He has no love of evil creatures and refuses to 
associate himself with anyone who may consistently offend his moral code (which is very similar to that of 
many paladins). When forced to deal with such creatures, he does so harshly and without mercy. When around 
goodly people, however, Shisio prefers to remain in the background, allowing others to accomplish tasks for 
themselves—jumping in to help only when it is absolutely necessary. In this regard, Shisio modestly sees 
himself more as a guide than a hero. 
 
Shisio is not a name most people know. Shisio himself rarely speaks it and he never volunteers it to others 
lightly. He is a powerful, if seemingly random, force of good in the world and few people know (or care to 
know) more than that. The many legends told of him say he trained as a paladin in his youth (and still is today) 
and supplemented his already great power with a knack for sorcery. He has fought and slain demons, devils, 
dragons, giants, and worse creatures of a fell nature. He has rescued nobles, peasants, and royalty alike—even a 
young bunny once it has been said. Shisio seemingly adventures at random appearing in various parts of the 
world to work good deeds within moments of one another. No one knows anything about this strange paladin’s 
goals and intentions, just that he is as likely to come and go as the weather and is always as beneficial as the 
cleansing, life giving rays of the sun. 
 
   

Shisio Dafoe 
Male samsaran magus 20 
LG Medium humanoid (samsaran) 
Init +5; Senses low-light vision; Perception +31 
Languages Abyssal, Celestial, Common, Infernal, Samsaran 
DEFENSE 
AC 36, touch 20, flat-footed 31 (+11 armor, +5 deflection, +5 Dex, +5 
natural) 
hp 222 plus greater false life (20 HD) 
Fort +22, Ref +17, Will +22 (reroll vs. mind-influencing effects); +2 vs. 
death effects, negative energy, and to remove negative levels 
Defensive Abilities freedom of movement, lifebound, no need to eat, drink, 
or breathe, reflection; DR 5/evil; Immune bleed effects, 
environmental temperature extremes; Miss Chance 20%; Resist fire 
30; SR 18 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good) 
Melee +5 icy burst spell storing cold iron scythe +29/+24/+19 (2d4+14 plus 1d6 cold/×4 plus 3d10 cold) with 
greater magic weapon and heroism, or 
+5 icy burst spell storing cold iron scythe +25/+20/+15 (2d4+26 plus 1d6 cold/×4 plus 3d10 cold) with 
greater magic weapon, heroism, and Power Attack, or 
+5 alchemical silver spiked gauntlet +28/+23/+18 (1d4+10/×2) with greater magic weapon and 
heroism, or 
+5 alchemical silver spiked gauntlet +24/+19/+14 (1d4+18/×2) with greater magic weapon, heroism, 
and Power Attack 
Ranged +5 adaptive composite longbow +29/+24/+19 (1d8+12/×3) with greater magic weapon and heroism, or 
+5 adaptive composite longbow +25/+20/+15 (1d8+20/×3) with greater magic weapon, heroism, and 
Deadly Aim 
Special Attacks arcane pool (18 points plus 4 in storage, +5 bonus), greater spell combat, spellstrike, true 
magus 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 20
th; Concentration +23) 
1/day – comprehend languages, death watch, stabilize 
Magus Spells Prepared (CL 20
th; Concentration +28) 
6th  (6/day) – chain lightning, freezing sphere, greater dispel magic, greater heroism*, icy crystal 
teleportUM*, mislead 
5th  (7/day) – cone of cold, icy prison
UM* (2), overland flight, telekinesis (2), teleport 
4th  (12/day) – bestow curse*, fire shield, greater false lifeUM*, greater invisibility (2), ice storm, 
intensified fireball (2), intensified lightning bolt (2), wall of ice (2) 
3rd  (7/day) – greater magic weapon (3), heroism* (2), magic circle against evil** (2) 
2nd (7/day) – acid arrow, frigid touch
UM*, glitterdust, intensified shocking grasp (2), see invisibility, 
web 
1st  (8/day) – chill touch, icicle daggerUM*, magic missile (2), shield (2), true strike, unseen servant 
0  (at will) – detect magic, light, mage hand, prestidigitation, ray of frost 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 22 (+6), Dex 20 (+5), Con 18 (+4), Int 28 (+8), Wis 18 (+4), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +15; CMB +21; CMD 41 
Feats Craft Staff, Craft Wondrous Item, Deadly AimB, Forge Ring, Heighten Spell, Intensified Spell, Maximize 
Spell, Power Attack
B, Preferred Spell (battering blast), Quicken Spell, Rime Spell, Spell Perfection 
(battering blast), Weapon Focus (scythe
B) 
Skills Acrobatics +26, Bluff +10, Diplomacy +30, Disguise +10, Fly +17 (overland flight), Intimidate +33, 
Knowledge (arcana) +33, Knowledge (planes) +33, Perception +31, Perform (any) +10, Sense Motive 

+31, Spellcraft +33, Stealth +16, Swim +30, Use Magic Device +33; Armor Check Penalty –1; Spell 
Modifiers +2 all skills (heroism) 
SQ fighter training (10
th), greater spell access, improved spell combat, improved spell recall, knowledge pool (8 
max), magus arcana (accurate strike, arcane accuracy +8, close range, familiar, reflection, spell 
blending: magic circle against evil, spell shield, wand wielder), medium/heavy armor, samsaran magic, 
shards of the past (perception, sense motive) 
Combat Gear durable arrows (adamantine 20, standard 80), true seeing material components (10), wands 
(bless weapon, 50 charges; cure critical wounds, 25 charges; cure light wounds, 100 charges [among 
multiple wands]; intensified fireball [CL 15
th], 25 charges; intensified lightning bolt [CL 15
th], 25 
charges; intensified shocking grasp [CL 10
th], 25 charges; maximized magic missile [CL 9
th], 25 
charges; wall of ice, 25 charges); Other Gear +1 adaptive composite longbow, +1 icy burst spell 
storing cold iron scythe (doubles as a staff of frost), +5 mithral glamered hosteling improved shadow 
breastplate, amulet of natural armor +5 (doubles as a hand of glory), belt of physical perfection +6 
(doubles as a meridian belt), blessed book (482 pages left), boots of speed  (doubles as boots of the 
winterlands), circlet of persuasion, cloak of minor displacement (doubles as muleback cords), eyes of 
charming, glove of storing, greater bracers of archery, headband of mental superiority +6 (Diplomacy, 
Intimidate, Sense Motive), ioun stones (clear spindle, iridescent spindle, pearly white spindle), mantle of 
faith, masterwork alchemical silver spiked gauntlet, pearls of power (2 spells) (2), ring of arcane 
mastery, ring of greater energy resistance (fire; doubles as a ring of freedom of movement), ring of 
inner fortitude (greater), ring of protection +5, ring of wizardry IV, robe of the archmagi (white), spell 
component pouch, tender (239gp), tome of clear thought +3 (already read) 
Spellbook all magus spells plus the following wizard spells: 6th—greater heroism*, ice crystal teleport
UM *; 
5th—dominate person*, icy prison
UM*; 4th—bestow curse*, greater false lifeUM*; 3
rd—battering 
blast
DoG* (see below), heroism*, magic circle against evil**; 2nd—frigid touch*, see invisibility*; 1st—
disguise self*, icicle dagger
UM*; 0—bleed*, message* 
Encumbrance light 173 lb., medium 346 lb., heavy 520 lb.; Weight Carried 60 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Accurate Strike (Ex) You can expend 2 points from your arcane pool as a swift action to resolve all of your 
melee weapon attacks until the end of your turn as melee touch attacks. 
Arcane Accuracy (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a swift action to grant yourself an 
insight bonus equal to your Intelligence bonus on all attack rolls until the end of your turn. 
Arcane Pool (Su) You have a reservoir of mystical arcane energy that you can draw upon to fuel your powers 
and enhance your weapon. This arcane pool has a number of points equal to ½ your magus level 
(minimum 1) + your Intelligence modifier. The pool refreshes once each day when you prepare your 
spells. You can expend 1 point from your arcane pool as a swift action to grant any weapon you are 
holding a +5 enhancement bonus for 1 minute. These bonuses can be added to the weapon, stacking with 
existing weapon enhancement to a maximum of +5. Multiple uses of this ability do not stack with 
themselves. These bonuses can be used to add any of the following weapon properties: dancing, flaming, 
flaming burst, frost, icy burst, keen, shock, shocking burst, speed, or vorpal. Adding these properties 
consumes an amount of bonus equal to the property’s cost. These properties are added to any the 
weapon already has, but duplicates do not stack. If the weapon is not magical, at least a +1 enhancement 
bonus must be added before any other properties can be added. These bonuses and properties are 
decided when the arcane pool point is spent and cannot be changed until the next time you use this 
ability. These bonuses do not function if the weapon is wielded by anyone other than you. You can only 
enhance one weapon in this way at one time. If you use this ability again, the first use immediately ends. 
Close Range (Ex) You can deliver ray spells that feature a ranged touch attack as melee touch spells. You can 
use a ranged touch attack spell that targets more than one creature (such as scorching ray), but you make 
only one melee touch attack to deliver one of these ranged touch effects; additional ranged touch attacks 
from that spell are wasted and have no effect. These spells can be used with the spellstrike class feature. 
Fighter Training (Ex) You count ½ your total magus level as your fighter level for the purpose of qualifying 
for feats. If you have levels in fighter, these levels stack. 

Greater Spell Access (Su) You gain access to an expanded spell list. You learn and place 14 spells from the 
wizard’s spell list into your spellbook as magus spells of their wizard level, provided they aren’t already 
on your magus spell list. You gain two of each of spell levels 0 through 6. You can ignore the somatic 
component of these spells, casting them without the normal chance of spell failure. These spells are 
denoted above by asterisks. 
Greater Spell Combat (Ex) You can cast spells and wield your weapons at the same time. This functions much 
like two-weapon fighting, but the off-hand weapon is a spell that is being cast. To use this ability, you 
must have one hand free (even if the spell being cast does not have somatic components), while wielding 
a light or one-handed melee weapon in the other hand. As a full-round action, you can make all of your 
attacks with your melee weapon at a –2 penalty and can also cast any spell from the magus spell list with 
a casting time of 1 standard action (any attack roll made as part of this spell also takes this penalty). If 
you cast this spell defensively, you can decide to take an additional penalty on your attack rolls, up to 
your Intelligence bonus, and add twice that amount +2 as a circumstance bonus on your concentration 
check. If the check fails, the spell is wasted, but the attacks still take the penalty. You can choose to cast 
the spell first or make the weapon attacks first, but if you have more than one attack, you cannot cast the 
spell between weapon attacks. 
Improved Spell Recall (Su) With a swift action you can recall any single magus spell that you have already 
prepared and cast that day by expending a number of points from your arcane pool equal to ½ the spell’s 
level (minimum 1). Furthermore, instead of recalling a used spell, you can prepare a spell of the same 
level that you have in your spellbook. You do so by expending a number of points from your arcane 
pool equal to the spell’s level (minimum 1). You cannot apply metamagic feats to a spell prepared in 
this way. You do not need to reference your spellbook to prepare a spell in this way. 
Knowledge Pool (Su) When you prepare your magus spells, you can decide to expend 1 or more points from 
your arcane pool, up to your Intelligence bonus. For each point you expend, you can treat any one spell 
from the magus spell list as if it were in your spellbook and can prepare that spell as normal that day. If 
you do not cast spells prepared in this way before the next time you prepares spells, you loses those 
spells. You can also cast spells added in this way using you pool spell ability, but only until you prepare 
spells again. 
Lifebound (Ex) You gain a +2 racial bonus on all saving throws made to resist death effects, saving throws 
against negative energy effects, Fortitude saves made to remove negative levels, and Constitution checks 
made to stabilize if reduced to negative hit points. 
Medium/Heavy Armor (Ex) You can cast magus spells while wearing armor without incurring the normal 
arcane spell failure chance. Like any other arcane spellcaster, when using a shield you incur a chance of 
arcane spell failure if the spell in question has a somatic component. 
Ongoing Spell Effects You have the following spells cast upon you no less than 12 hours a day (unless noted 
otherwise): greater false life, heroism, magic circle against evil, overland flight. Additionally, all of 
your weapons have received the benefits of the greater magic weapon spell. The effects of these 
ongoing spells are included in the above statistics where appropriate. 
Reflection (Su) You can sacrifice 1 or more points from your arcane pool as an immediate action to reflect a 
spell back at its caster. This functions as spell turning, but only if the targeted spell is of a level equal to 
or less than the number of points expended. If insufficient points are expended, they instead grant an 
insight bonus on any saving throws allowed by the spell, equal to the number of points spent. 
Shards of the Past (Ex) You gain a +2 racial bonus two skills of your choice (shown above), and they are 
always treated as class skills for you. 
Spell Blending (Ex) You treat one or more wizard spells (shown above) as magus spells. You know them for 
free. These spells are marked above by double asterisks. 
Spell Shield (Su) You can expend a point from your arcane pool as an immediate action to grant yourself a 
shield bonus to AC equal to your Intelligence bonus until the end of your next turn. 
Spellstrike (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with a range of “touch” from the magus spell list, you can deliver 
the spell through any weapon you are wielding as part of a melee attack. Instead of the free melee touch 
attack normally allowed to deliver the spell, you can make one free melee attack with your weapon (at 
your highest base attack bonus) as part of casting this spell. If successful, this melee attack deals its 

normal damage as well as the effects of the spell. If you make this attack in concert with spell combat, 
this melee attack takes all the penalties accrued by spell combat melee attacks. This attack uses the 
weapon’s critical range (20, 19–20, or 18–20 and modified by the keen weapon property or similar 
effects), but the spell effect only deals ×2 damage on a successful critical hit, while the weapon damage 
uses its own critical modifier. 
True Magus (Su) Whenever you use your spell combat ability, you do not need to make a concentration check 
to cast the spell defensively. Whenever you use spell combat and your spell targets the same creature as 
your melee attacks, you can choose to either increase the DC to resist the spell by +2, grant yourself a 
+2 circumstance bonus on any checks made to overcome spell resistance, or grant yourself a +2 
circumstance bonus on all attack rolls made against the target during your turn. 
Wand Wielder (Su) You can activate a wand or staff in place of casting a spell when using spell combat. 
 
Fufu 
Rabbit familiar 
N Tiny magical beast (augmented animal) 
Init +2; Senses low-light vision, scent; Perception +24 
Languages empathic link, speak with master, speak with burrowing mammals 
DEFENSE 
AC 24, touch 14, flat-footed 22 (+2 Dex, +10 natural, +2 size) 
hp 111 (20 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +8, Will +13 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion; SR 25 
OFFENSE 
Speed 15 ft. (3 squares), climb 15 ft., swim 15 ft. 
Melee bite +19 (1d3–4) or 
by spell +19 touch (as the spell) 
Space 2½ ft.; Reach 0 ft. 
Special Attacks deliver touch spells 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 2 (–4), Dex 15 (+2), Con 11 (+0), Int 15 (+2), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 2 (–4) 
Base Atk +15; CMB +15; CMD 21 
Feats Weapon Finesse 
Skills Acrobatics +25, Climb +10, Diplomacy +16, Intimidate +16, Knowledge (arcana) +22, Knowledge 
(planes) +22, Perception +24, Sense Motive +21, Spellcraft +22, Stealth +18, Swim +25, Use Magic 
Device +16; Racial Modifiers +4 Stealth 
SQ alertness, empathic link, familiar traits, scry on familiar, share spells, speak with master, speak with 
burrowing mammals 
Encumbrance light 4 lb. 8 oz., medium 9 lb. 12 oz., heavy 15 lb.; Weight Carried 0 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alertness (Ex) While your familiar is within arm’s reach, you gain the Alertness feat. 
Deliver Touch Spells (Su) If you and your familiar are in contact at the time you cast a touch spell, you can 
designate your familiar as the toucher. Your familiar can then deliver the touch spell personally. As 
usual, if you cast another spell before the touch is delivered, the touch spell dissipates. 
Empathic Link (Su) Your familiar has an empathic link with you out to one mile. You cannot see through your 
familiar’s eyes, but the two of you can communicate empathically. Only general emotional content can 
be communicated. You have the same connection to an item or place that your familiar does. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, your familiar takes no damage if he makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if 
the saving throw fails. 
Scry On Familiar (Sp) Once per day you may scry on your familiar, as if using the scry spell. 

Share Spells You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your familiar (as a touch spell) instead of on 
yourself. You may cast spells on your familiar even if the spells do not normally affect creatures of your 
familiar’s type (magical beast). 
Speak with Burrowing Mammals (Ex) Your familiar may communicate with other burrowing mammals. Such 
communication is limited by the Intelligence of the conversing creatures. 
Speak With Master (Ex) You and your familiar may communicate verbally, using a private language no one 
else understands. 
 
BATTERING BLAST 
School evocation (force); Level sorcerer/wizard 3 
Casting Time 1 standard action 
Components V, S 
Range close (25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels) 
Target one creature or unattended object 
Duration instantaneous 
Saving Throw Reflex partial (see text); Spell Resistance yes 
 
You hurl a fist-sized ball of force resembling a sphere of spikes to ram a designated creature or object. You 
must succeed on a ranged touch attack to strike your target. On a successful hit, you deal 1d6 points of force 
damage per two caster levels (maximum 5d6). For every 5 caster levels you possess beyond 5th, you gain a 
second ball of force. 
 
A creature struck by any of these is subject to a bull rush attempt. The force has a Strength modifier equal to 
your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier (whichever is highest). The CMB for the force’s bull rush 
uses your caster level as its base attack bonus, adding the force’s Strength modifier and a +10 bonus for each 
additional blast directed against the same target. Each sphere of force makes its own separate bull rush 
attempt—if multiple spheres strike one target, you make multiple CMB checks but only take the highest result 
to determine success. If the bull rush succeeds, the force pushes the creature away from you in a straight line, 
and the creature must make a Reflex save or fall prone. 
 
This spell pushes an unattended object struck by it 20 feet away from you, provided it weighs no more than 25 
pounds per level (maximum 250 pounds). This spell cannot move creatures or objects beyond your range. Used 
on a door or other obstacle, the spell attempts a Strength check to destroy it if the sheer damage inflicted by the 
spell doesn’t do the job. 
 
This spell originally appears in Dungeons of Golarion. 