

Sienna Hensworth 
Female Tian human aerokineticist 15 (elemental purist) 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +8; Senses Perception +20 
Languages Aklo, Ancient Osiriani, Aquan, Auran, Azlanti, Dtang, Erutaki, 
Giant, Hallit, Hon-La, Hwan, Ignan, Iobarian, Jistka, Kelish, Minatan, 
Minkaian, Osiriani, Polyglot, Senzar, Shadowtongue, Shoanti, Shory, 
Skald, Sylvan, Taldane, Tekritanin, Terran, Thassilonian, Tien, Varisian, 
Varki, Vudrani, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 31, touch 23, flat-footed 23 (+8 armor, +5 deflection, +8 Dex) 
hp 195 (15 HD); maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +20, Ref +22, Will +12; +2 vs. very hot conditions, severe heat, breath 
weapons, and cloud vapors and gases 
Defensive Abilities enveloping winds (30% miss chance) 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 60 ft. (good) 
Melee electric blade +19/+14/+9 touch (8d6+1 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blade +19/+14/+9 (16d6+19 half bludgeoning, half electricity) 
Ranged electric blast +19 touch (8d6+1 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blast +19 (16d6+19 half bludgeoning, half electricity) 
Special Attacks elemental overflow +5, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower, maximize, quicken) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 15
th; Concentration +21) 
Defense – enveloping winds (30% miss chance) 
Infusions – chain (3 burn), cyclone (3 burn, Ref DC 25 half), disintegrating infusion* (4 burn, Fort DC 
23 partial), eruption* (2 burn, Ref DC 25 half), extended range (1 burn), fan of flames* (1 burn, 
Ref DC 25 half), kinetic blade (1 burn), thundering (1 burn, Fort DC 23 negates), torrent (2 burn, 
Ref DC 25 half) 
Kinetic Blasts – electric blast, thunderstorm blast (2 burn) 
Utility – air’s leap, air’s reach, basic aerokinesis, engulfing winds, greater windsight, ride the blast, 
skilled kineticist, wind manipulator, windsight, wings of air 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 26 (+8), Con 22 (+6), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +11; CMB +10 (+19 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 33 
Feats Additional Traits, Extra Wild Talent (3), Fast Learner, Orator, Skill Focus (fly
B, linguisticsB), Toughness, 
Weapon Finesse 
Skills Acrobatics +26 (+41 to jump), Bluff –1 (+27 to tell a falsehood or conceal information), Diplomacy –1 
(+27 to change the attitude of a creature), Fly +46, Intimidate –1 (+27 to force a creature to cooperate), 
Knowledge (geography) +13, Knowledge (local) +13, Knowledge (nature) +18, Linguistics +27 (+29 to 
make forgeries), Perception +20, Stealth +26, Survival +21 (+22 to find food and water, +23 to avoid 
getting lost); Racial Bonuses +2 Knowledge (geography), +2 Knowledge (local), +2 Survival to avoid 
becoming lost 
SQ basic aerokinesis, burn (5 points/round, maximum 6), elemental impossibility, gather power, 
infusion specialization 4, limited buffer 1, supercharge, traits (child of nature, devotee of the green, 
weathered emissary, world traveler), wayfarer 
Gear belt of physical might +6 (Dexterity, Constitution), bracers of armor +8, cloak of resistance +5, 
dungeoneering kit (deluxe), forger’s kit (concealed, DC 26 to find), lesser talisman of life’s breath, 
Pathfinder’s kit, ring of protection +5, tender (180gp) 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 47 lb. (4 lb. without kits; excludes 
tender) 
 

Sienna Hensworth (with elemental overflow) 
As above except as follows… 
Init +10; Senses Perception +20 
DEFENSE 
AC 33, touch 25, flat-footed 23 (+8 armor, +5 deflection, +10 Dex) 
hp 195 plus 5 burn (15 HD) 
Fort +21, Ref +24, Will +12; +2 vs. very hot conditions, severe heat, breath 
weapons, and cloud vapors and gases 
Defensive Abilities enveloping winds (55% miss chance), fortification (25% 
negation) 
OFFENSE 
Melee electric blade +26/+21/+16 touch (8d6+1 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blade +26/+21/+16 (16d6+19 half bludgeoning, half 
electricity) 
Ranged electric blast +26 touch (8d6+11 electricity) or 
thunderstorm blast +26 (16d6+29 half bludgeoning, half electricity) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 15
th; Concentration +22) 
Defense – enveloping winds (base 30% miss chance) 
Infusions – chain (3 burn), cyclone (3 burn, Ref DC 27 half), disintegrating infusion* (4 burn, Fort DC 
24 partial), eruption* (2 burn, Ref DC 27 half), extended range (1 burn), fan of flames* (1 burn, 
Ref DC 27 half), kinetic blade (1 burn), thundering (1 burn, Fort DC 24 negates), torrent (2 burn, 
Ref DC 27 half) 
Kinetic Blasts – electric blast, thunderstorm blast (2 burn) 
Utility – air’s leap, air’s reach, basic aerokinesis, engulfing winds, greater windsight, ride the blast, 
skilled kineticist, wind manipulator, windsight, wings of air 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 30 (+10), Con 24 (+7), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +11; CMB +11 (+21 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 36 
Feats Additional Traits, Extra Wild Talent (3), Fast Learner, Orator, Skill Focus (flyB, linguisticsB), Toughness, 
Weapon Finesse 
Skills Acrobatics +28 (+43 to jump), Bluff –1 (+27 to tell a falsehood or conceal information), Diplomacy –1 
(+27 to change the attitude of a creature), Fly +48, Intimidate –1 (+27 to force a creature to cooperate), 
Knowledge (geography) +13, Knowledge (local) +13, Knowledge (nature) +18, Linguistics +27 (+29 to 
make forgeries), Perception +20, Stealth +28, Survival +21 (+22 to find food and water, +23 to avoid 
getting lost); Racial Bonuses +2 Knowledge (geography), +2 Knowledge (local), +2 Survival to avoid 
becoming lost 
SQ basic aerokinesis, burn (5 points/round, maximum 9), elemental impossibility, gather power, 
infusion specialization 4, limited buffer 1, supercharge, traits (child of nature, devotee of the green, 
weathered emissary, world traveler), wayfarer 
Gear belt of physical might +6 (Dexterity, Constitution), bracers of armor +8, cloak of resistance +5, 
dungeoneering kit (deluxe), forger’s kit (concealed, DC 33 to find), lesser talisman of life’s breath, 
Pathfinder’s kit, ring of protection +5, tender (180gp) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 47 lb. (4 lb. without kits; excludes 
tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Burn (Ex) Some of your wild talents allow you to accept burn in exchange for a greater effect, while others 
require you to accept a certain amount of burn to use that talent at all. For each point of burn you accept, 
you take 1 point of nonlethal damage per character level. This damage can’t be healed by any means 
other than getting a full night’s rest, which removes all burn and associated nonlethal damage. Nonlethal 
damage from burn can’t be reduced or redirected, and if you are incapable of taking nonlethal damage 

then you can’t accept burn. You can accept only 1 point of burn per round. You can’t choose to accept 
burn if it would put your total number of points of burn higher than 3 + you Constitution modifier 
(though you can be forced to accept more burn from a source outside your control). Whilst you possess 
burn you can never benefit from abilities that allow you to ignore or alter the affects you receive from 
nonlethal damage. 
Child of Nature You gain a +2 trait bonus on Survival checks to find food and water, and a +1 trait bonus on 
Knowledge (nature) checks. Survival is always a class skill for you. 
Devotee of the Green You gain a +1 trait bonus on Knowledge (geography) and Knowledge (nature) checks, 
and Knowledge (geography) is always a class skill for you. 
Elemental Defense (Su) You have the following defense wild talent. 
Enveloping Winds: You constantly surround yourself with a whirling torrent of air, crackling arcs of 
lightning, or both to protect yourself from ranged attacks. All ranged attacks made with physical 
weapons suffer a 30% miss chance against you, except for attacks from massive weapons such as a 
giant’s thrown boulder or a ballista. This ability has no effect on ray attacks. By accepting 1 point of 
burn, you can increase the miss chance by 5% until the next time your burn is removed. You can 
continue to accept points of burn to increase the miss chance further, up to a maximum of 75%. 
Whenever you accept burn while using an air wild talent, the energy surging through you causes your 
enveloping winds to also affect non-physical ranged attacks such as ray attacks for 1 round. You can 
dismiss or restore this effect as an immediate action. 
Elemental Impossibility (Su) You possess up to three impossible infusions—a form infusion or substance 
infusion that does not need to be associated with your primary element’s type (marked above by 
asterisks). If the infusion can be applied to your kinetic blasts normally, you can use it as normal. If the 
infusion is not an associated infusion, you can accept 1 point of burn as a free action to enter a state of 
elemental impossibility for one minute. This burn cannot be reduced in any way. While in this state, you 
can apply your impossible infusions to your kinetic blast, even if it is not an associated infusion for the 
blast type; however, if an infusion can be applied only to energy blasts or only to physical blasts, you 
can apply it only to a kinetic blast of that type. 
Elemental Overflow (Ex) Your body surges with energy from your element whenever you accept burn, 
causing you to glow with a nimbus of fire, weep water from your pores, or experience some other 
thematic effect. You receive a bonus on your attack rolls with kinetic blasts equal to the total number of 
points of burn you currently possess, to a maximum bonus of +1 for every 3 kineticist levels you 
possess. You also receive a bonus on damage rolls with your kinetic blast equal to double the bonus on 
attack rolls. You can suppress the visual effects of elemental overflow by concentrating for 1 full round, 
but doing so suppresses all of this ability’s other benefits, as well. The next time you use any wild talent, 
the visual effects and benefits return instantly. As your body becomes more and more suffused with your 
element, you begin to gain more powerful benefits. Whenever you possess at least 3 points of burn, you 
gain a +2 size bonus to two physical ability scores of your choice. Whenever you have at least 5 points 
of burn, these bonuses increase to a +4 size bonus to one physical ability score of your choice and a +2 
size bonus to each of your other two physical ability scores. You also gain a chance to ignore the effects 
of a critical hit or sneak attack equal to 5% × your current number of points of burn. 
Gather Power (Su) If you have both hands free you can gather energy or elemental matter as a move action. 
Gathering power creates an extremely loud, visible display in a 20-foot radius centered on you, as the 
energy or matter swirls around you. Gathering power in this way allows you to reduce the total burn cost 
of a blast wild talent you use in the same round by 1 point. You can instead gather power for 1 full 
round in order to reduce the total burn cost of a blast wild talent used on your next turn by 2 points (to a 
minimum of 0 points). If you do so, you can also gather power as a move action during your next turn to 
reduce the burn cost by a total of 3 points. If you take damage during or after gathering power and 
before using the kinetic blast that releases it, you must succeed at a concentration check (DC = 10 + 
damage taken + effective spell level of your kinetic blast) or lose the energy in a wild surge that forces 
you to accept a number of points of burn equal to the number of points by which your gathered power 
would have reduced the burn cost. This ability can never reduce the burn cost of a wild talent below 0 
points. 

Infusion Specialization (Ex) Whenever you use one or more infusions with a blast, you reduce the combined 
burn cost of the infusions by 4. This can’t reduce the total cost of the infusions used below 0. 
Infusions (Su) The following infusions alter your blasts. You can apply at most one form infusion and one 
substance infusion to your blasts. 
Chain (form): Your electric blast leaps from target to target. When you hit a target with your infused 
blast, you can attempt a ranged touch attack against an additional target that is within 30 feet of the first. 
Each additional attack originates from the previous target, which could alter cover and other conditions. 
Each additional target takes 1d6 fewer points of damage than the last, and you can’t chain the blast back 
to a previous target. You can continue chaining your blasts until a blast misses or fails to deal damage, 
or until your blast is reduced to a single damage die. 
Cyclone (form): All creatures and objects within a 20-foot-radius burst centered on you take half 
your blast’s normal amount of damage. The saving throw DC is Dexterity-based. 
Disintegrating Infusion: You can use force to rip your targets apart. Against creatures, your kinetic 
blast deals double its normal amount of damage, but targets receive a saving throw to reduce the damage 
to half the blast’s normal amount of damage (for a total of ¼ of the blast’s increased damage). Any 
creature reduced to 0 or fewer hit points by the blast is disintegrated, as the spell disintegrate. You can 
use the infused blast to destroy force effects or objects as disintegrate, but for each force effect or 10-
foot cube of nonliving matter you destroy in this way, you must accept 1 point of burn, which can’t be 
reduced by effects such as infusion specialization or gather power. 
Eruption (form): Your kinetic blast erupts from the ground in a pillar centered anywhere within 120 
feet of you. The pillar affects all creatures and objects in a 10-foot-radius cylinder that extends 40 feet 
above the ground. An energy blast infused with eruption deals its normal damage to each target, while a 
physical blast deals half its normal amount of damage. The saving throw DC is Dexterity-based. 
Extended Range (form): Your kinetic blast can strike any target within 120 feet. 
Fan of Flames (form): Your kinetic blast fans out, damaging all creatures and objects in a 15-foot 
cone. The saving throw DC is Dexterity-based. 
Kinetic Blade (form): By accepting 1 point of burn you form a weapon using your kinetic abilities. 
You create a non-reach, light or one-handed weapon in your hand formed of pure energy or elemental 
matter. The kinetic blade’s shape is purely cosmetic and doesn’t affect the damage dice, critical threat 
range, or critical multiplier of the kinetic blade, nor does it grant the kinetic blade any weapon special 
features. You can use this form infusion once as part of an attack action, a charge action, or a full-attack 
action in order to make melee attacks with your kinetic blade. Since it’s part of another action (and isn’t 
an action itself), using this wild talent doesn’t provoke any additional attacks of opportunity. The kinetic 
blade deals your kinetic blast damage on each hit (applying any modifiers to your kinetic blast’s damage 
as normal, but not your Strength modifier). The blade disappears at the end of your turn. The weapon 
deals the same damage type that your kinetic blast deals, and it interacts with Armor Class and spell 
resistance as normal for a blast of its type. The kinetic blade doesn’t add the damage bonus from 
elemental overflow.  
Thundering Infusion (substance): Your lightning brings with it a peal of thunder. Whenever your 
infused blast hits a foe and penetrates spell resistance, that foe becomes deafened, even if the blast 
doesn’t deal damage. 
Torrent (form): A torrent of energy buffets or burns all foes in a 30-foot line, dealing half your 
normal amount of blast damage (or full damage for energy blasts). The saving throw DC is Dexterity-
based. 
Kinetic Blast (Sp) As a standard action, you can unleash a kinetic blast at a single target up to a range of 30 
feet. You must have at least one hand free to aim the blast. All damage from a kinetic blast is treated as 
magic for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. Kinetic blasts count as a type of weapon for the 
purpose of feats such as Weapon Focus. You are never considered to be wielding or gripping the kinetic 
blast (regardless of effects from form infusions), and you can’t use Vital Strike feats with kinetic blasts. 
Even the weakest kinetic blast involves a sizable mass of elemental matter or energy, so kinetic blasts 
always deal full damage to swarms of any size (though only area blasts deal extra damage to swarms). A 
readied kinetic blast can be used to counterspell any spell of equal or lower level that shares its 

descriptor. A kinetic blast that deals energy damage of any type (including force) has the corresponding 
descriptor. 
Limited Buffer (Su) You possess an internal buffer with which to store extra energy. The buffer starts empty 
and doesn’t replenish each day, but you can accept 1 point of burn to add 1 point to the buffer as a 
full-round action, to a maximum of 1 point total. Once you add points to your buffer, they remain 
indefinitely until you spend them. When you would otherwise accept burn, you can spend 1 point from 
your buffer to avoid accepting 1 point of burn. You cannot spend more than 1 point from your buffer in 
this way for a single wild talent. Points spent from the internal buffer don’t activate elemental overflow 
or add to its effects. Similarly, this buffer can be used to exceed the limit on the number of points of 
burn you can accept in a single turn. 
Metakinesis (Su) You gain the ability to alter your kinetic blasts as if with metamagic feats by accepting burn. 
By accepting 1 point of burn, you can empower your kinetic blast (as if using Empower Spell); by 
accepting 2 points of burn, you can maximize your kinetic blast as if using Maximize Spell; by 
accepting 3 points of burn, you can quicken your kinetic blast as if using Quicken Spell. 
Supercharge (Su) When using gather power as a move action, you can reduce the total burn cost of a single 
wild talent by 2 points instead of 1. When using gather power for 1 full round, you can reduce the burn 
cost of a single wild talent by 3 points instead of 2. 
Utility You have the following utility wild talents. 
Air’s Leap (Su): You are always considered to have a running start when jumping, you add your 
kineticist level as a bonus on all Acrobatics checks to jump, you jump twice as far or high as the results 
of your check indicate, and you can accept 1 point of burn when jumping to double the distance you 
jump again (to a total of four times as far). 
Air’s Reach (Su): When using air blasts, air wild talents, or composite blasts that include air, double 
the blast’s effective range. This effect applies after altering the range due to effects such as the extended 
range infusion. This doubles only the blast’s effective range, not the area of effect for infusions like 
cloud and cyclone. 
Basic Aerokinesis (Sp): You can create a light breeze that blows against a creature or object from a 
direction of your choice that follows the target wherever it goes. The breeze grants the subject a +2 
bonus on saves against very hot conditions, severe heat, breath weapons, and cloud vapors and gases 
(such as cloudkill, stinking cloud, and inhaled poisons). This wild talent doesn’t function without air or 
while underwater. You can have only one such breeze active at any one time. 
You can also use your aerokinesis to make it harder to detect you or others by scent. You can 
designate a number of creatures or objects equal to your Constitution bonus. These creatures and objects 
always count as being downwind for the purpose of determining the distance at which they can be 
detected by scent. This effect lasts for 1 hour or until you use basic aerokinesis again, whichever comes 
first. 
Engulfing Winds (Sp): You bend your winds into a formidable barrier. Until the start of your next 
turn, you lose the benefits of enveloping winds, but can create a wind wall as the spell. You can extend 
the wall’s duration to 1 round per kineticist level by accepting 1 point of burn. 
Ride the Blast (Sp): You can use this wild talent as part of activating a kinetic blast other than 
telekinetic blast. You transform yourself into your element or energy and send yourself along with your 
kinetic blast. You appear at the end of the blast’s path, adjacent to the blast’s target (or final target, for 
form infusions like chain) or at the center of the burst or spread for form infusions like explosion. This 
ability doesn’t work with form infusions that involve melee attacks (such as kinetic blade) or that use a 
cone shape (such as spray). 
Skilled Kineticist (Su): You gain a bonus equal to ½ your kineticist level on skill checks with the 
skills your primary element added to your class skill list, and you can use the Knowledge skill associated 
with your primary element to identify elementals of your primary element’s subtype. 
Wind Manipulator (Sp): You can call forth mighty winds in an enormous area. As a standard action, 
you can alter the wind around you as if using control winds, but the change remains only for as long as 
you continue to take a standard action to concentrate on this effect. If you accept 1 point of burn, you 

can extend the duration to 10 minutes per kineticist level you possess without your needing to 
concentrate. 
Windsight (Su): You can see through mist and fog (including fog cloud and similar magic). In areas 
of moderate or stronger wind, you can see and hear as if you were standing at both your own position 
and a position a number of feet in the wind’s direction equal to the wind’s speed in miles per hour, 
potentially allowing you to see around corners and other obstacles. 
Windsight, Greater (Su): You can send a slight breeze in a path up to 480 feet long and then back to 
where you wait. This allows you to use your windsight wild talent to catch a quick glimpse and hear a 
tiny snippet from any location that could be reached by the wind traveling that distance (the wind’s path 
can’t pass through openings smaller than 1 inch in diameter). The breeze travels 100 feet per round, so 
what you see and hear is delayed by 1 round for every 50 feet of the path. If you spend at least 10 
minutes to set up a steady flow of wind, you can concentrate for up to 1 minute per level to gain 
continuous visual and auditory information for as long as you concentrate, delayed by 1 round for every 
100 feet the wind travels (since the steady flow of wind has to travel only one way). While there is no 
invisible sensor to detect with this ability, creatures along the path of the breeze may notice a light wind, 
though it may not seem out of the ordinary. 
Wings of Air (Sp): The air bends to your will, allowing you to soar to great heights. You are 
constantly under the effects of fly. If this effect is dispelled, you can call it forth again as a standard 
action. 
Wayfarer You gain a +2 racial bonus on Survival checks to avoid becoming lost, Knowledge (geography) 
checks, and Knowledge (local) checks. Whenever you gain a rank in Linguistics, you learn two 
languages rather than one. 
Weathered Emissary You gain a +1 trait bonus on all Linguistics and Survival checks, and Linguistics is 
always a class skill for you. 
World Traveler You gain a +1 trait bonus on Knowledge (local) checks, and Knowledge (local) is always a 
class skill for you. 
 
DUNGEONEERING KIT, DELUXE 
This bundle of essential supplies for exploring ruins and abandoned cities include two candles, chalk, a hammer 
and four pitons, 50 feet of silk rope, two sacks, three sunrods, four tindertwigs, and an everburning torch. 
 
FORGER’S KIT 
These inks, pens, papers, templates for certificates, and tools for modifying or copying official seals facilitates 
the creation of counterfeit documents. It grants a +2 circumstance bonus on Linguistic checks made for the 
purpose of making forgeries. 
 
PATHFINDER’S KIT 
This kit consists of a backpack, a bedroll, a belt pouch, a clay mug, a dagger, two fishhooks, a flint and steel, a 
sewing needle, a signal whistle, 50 feet of string, 50 feet of thread, a waterskin, a week’s worth of trail rations, 
and a whetstone. Leaving the bedroll and rations at camp or on a mount reduces the weight by 12 pounds. 