

Siinsa Tosscobble 
Female human unchained rogue 9 (scout, thug) 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +5; Senses Perception +12 
Languages Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 23, touch 15, flat-footed 18 (+5 armor, +5 Dex, +3 shield) 
hp 74 (9 HD) 
Fort +7, Ref +13, Will +5 
Defensive Abilities evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee sword of subtlety +12/+7 (1d6+3/19-20) or 
sword of subtlety +16/+11 (1d6+7 plus 5d6 plus 5 bleed/19-20) with a 
sneak attack, or 
+1 sap +13/+8 (1d6+6 nonlethal plus enforcer) or 
+1 sap +13/+8 (1d6+11 plus 5d6 nonlethal plus enforcer plus 5 bleed) with sneak attack, or 
+1 sap +13/+8 (1d6+16 plus 10d6 nonlethal plus enforcer plus 10 bleed) with sneak attack against a 
flat-footed foe 
Ranged mwk sling +9 (1d4+2) or 
javelin +8 (1d6+2) 
Special Attacks brutal beating (5 rounds), debilitating injury, finesse training (sap), scout’s charge, skirmisher, 
sneak attack +5d6 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 20 (+5), Con 14 (+2), Int 10 (+0), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 16 (+6) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +8; CMD 23 
Feats Dazzling Display, Enforcer, Intimidating ProwessB, Persuasive, Shatter Defenses
B, Sap Adept, Sap 
Master, Skill Focus (intimidateB), Weapon Finesse
B, Weapon Focus (sapB) 
Skills Acrobatics +17, Climb +14, Diplomacy +14, Escape Artist +17, Intimidate +22, Perception +12, Sense 
Motive +12, Sleight of Hand +17, Stealth +17, Swim +14 
SQ rogue’s edge (intimidate), rogue talents (bleeding attack, combat trick, strong impression, surprise 
attack, weapon training) 
Combat Gear potions of cure light wounds (6), sling bullets (20); Other Gear +1 sap, +2 buckler, +2 studded 
leather, backpack, belt of incredible dexterity +2, circlet of persuasion, cloak of resistance +2, javelins 
(5), masterwork sling, sword of subtlety, tender (42gp, 8sp) 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 175 lb.; Weight Carried 51 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bleeding Attack Your sneak attacks cause the target to take 1 additional point of damage each round for each 
die of your sneak attack. Bleeding creatures take that amount of damage every round at the start of each 
of their turns. The bleeding can be stopped by a successful DC 15 Heal check or the application of any 
effect that heals hit point damage. Bleed damage from this ability does not stack with itself. Bleed 
damage bypasses any damage reduction the creature might possess. 
Brutal Beating (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage, you can choose to forgo 1d6 points of sneak 
attack damage to make the target sickened for a number of rounds equal to ½ your rogue level. This 
ability does not stack with itself—only the most recent duration applies. 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 

Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty to AC. The target takes an 
additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls. In addition, the target takes an additional 
–2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 
a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, you can select any one type of 
weapon that can be used with Weapon Finesse (such as rapiers or daggers). Once this choice is made, it 
cannot be changed. Whenever you make a successful melee attack with the selected weapon, you add 
your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the damage roll. If any effect would 
prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you do not add your Dexterity 
modifier. 
Frightening (Ex) Whenever you successfully use Intimidate to demoralize a creature, the duration of the 
shaken condition is increased by 1 round. In addition, if the target is shaken for 4 or more rounds, you 
can instead decide to make the target frightened for 1 round. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. 
Intimidate: If you exceed the DC to demoralize a target by at least 10, it is frightened for 1 round 
and shaken thereafter. The total duration cannot exceed 1 round plus 1 round for every 5 by which you 
exceed the DC. A Will save (DC = 10 + your number of ranks in Intimidate) negates the frightened 
condition, but the target is still shaken, even if it has the stalwart ability. 
Scout’s Charge (Ex) Whenever you make a charge, your attack deals sneak attack damage as if the target were 
flat-footed. Foes with uncanny dodge are immune to this ability. 
Skirmisher (Ex) Whenever you move more than 10 feet in a round and make an attack action, the attack deals 
sneak attack damage as if the target was flat-footed. If you make more than one attack this turn, this 
ability only applies to the first attack. Foes with uncanny dodge are immune to this ability. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 5d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Surprise Attack (Ex) During the surprise round, you always consider opponents flat-footed, even if they have 
already acted. You add ½ your rogue level to your sneak attack damage rolls made during the surprise 
round. 