

Sin 
Female caligni chaokineticist 16 
CE Medium humanoid (dark folk) 
Init +7; Senses see in darkness; Perception +21 
Languages Aklo, Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 37, touch 22, flat-footed 30 (+8 armor, +5 deflection, +7 Dex, +5 natural, 
+2 shield) 
hp 288 (16 HD), maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +24, Ref +22, Will +12; +1 bonus vs. emotion effects 
Defensive Abilities fortification (5%); Resist negative energy 2 
Weaknesses curse of drowning, light sensitivity 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee gravity blade +20/+15/+10 (8d6+18 bludgeoning) or 
negative blade +20/+15/+10 touch (8d6+5 negative energy) or 
void blade +20/+15/+10 (16d6+26 half bludgeoning, half negative energy) 
Ranged gravity blast +20 (8d6+18 bludgeoning) or 
negative blast +20 touch (8d6+5 negative energy) or 
void blast +20 (16d6+26 half bludgeoning, half negative energy) 
Special Attacks death throes (DC 27), elemental overflow +5, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower, maximize, 
quicken) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 17
th; Concentration +26) 
Defense – emptiness (negative energy resistance 2, fortification 5%, +1 saves vs. emotion effects) 
Infusions – darkness infusion (2 burn), grappling infusion (3 burn, +28 modifier), greater darkness 
infusion (4 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), kinetic whip (2 burn), pulling infusion (1 burn, +22 
modifier), pushing infusion (1 burn, +22 modifier), singularity (3 burn, Ref DC 27 half), wall (3 
burn, 9 rounds) 
Kinetic Blasts – gravity blast, negative blast, void blast (2 burn) 
Utility – animate dead, basic chaokinesis, gravity control, greater gravity control, greater skilled 
kineticist (stealth), kinetic form, reverse shift (16 rounds), skilled kineticist, suffocate (Fort DC 
25 partial) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 24 (+7), Con 28 (+9), Int 12 (+1), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +12; CMB +11 (+19 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 33 
Feats Blind-Fight, Combat Expertise, Combat Reflexes, Extra Wild Talent, Moonlight Stalker, Point Blank 
Shot, Precise Shot, Weapon Finesse 
Skills Bluff +3, Escape Artist +34, Intimidate +19, Perception +21, Stealth +31, Use Magic Device +19 
SQ basic chaokinesis, burn (5 points/round, maximum 12), composite specialization, expanded element 
(void, void), gather power, infusion specialization 4, internal buffer 3, supercharge 
Gear amulet of natural armor +5, belt of physical might +6 (Dexterity, Constitution), book of night without 
moon (see below), bracers of armor +8, cloak of resistance +5, headband of vast intelligence +2 
(intimidate), ring of force shield, ring of protection +5, undead steed (fjord linnorm bloody skeleton; see 
below) 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 8 lb. 
   

Sin (with elemental overflow) 
As above, except as follows… 
Init +10; Senses see in darkness; Perception +21 
DEFENSE 
AC 40, touch 25, flat-footed 30 (+8 armor, +5 
deflection, +10 Dex, +5 natural, +2 
shield) 
hp 320 with 7 burn (16 HD), maxed hit points 
via retraining 
Fort +26, Ref +25, Will +12; +8 bonus vs. 
emotion effects 
Defensive Abilities fortification (75%); Resist negative energy 16 
OFFENSE 
Melee gravity blade +28/+23/+18 (8d6+20 bludgeoning) or 
negative blade +28/+23/+18 touch (8d6+6 negative energy) or 
void blade +28/+23/+18 (16d6+27 half bludgeoning, half negative energy) 
Ranged gravity blast +28 (8d6+29 bludgeoning) or 
negative blast +28 touch (8d6+16 negative energy) or 
void blast +28 (16d6+37 half bludgeoning, half negative energy) 
Special Attacks death throes (DC 28), elemental overflow +5, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower, maximize, 
quicken) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 17
th; Concentration +28) 
Defense – emptiness (base negative energy resistance 2, fortification 5%, +1 saves vs. emotion effects) 
Infusions – darkness infusion (2 burn), grappling infusion (3 burn, +35 modifier), greater darkness 
infusion (4 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), kinetic whip (2 burn), pulling infusion (1 burn, +29 
modifier), pushing infusion (1 burn, +29 modifier), singularity (3 burn, Ref DC 30 half), wall (3 
burn, 11 rounds) 
Kinetic Blasts – gravity blast, negative blast, void blast (2 burn) 
Utility – animate dead, basic chaokinesis, gravity control, greater gravity control, greater skilled 
kineticist (stealth), kinetic form, reverse shift (16 rounds), skilled kineticist, suffocate (Fort DC 
27 partial) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 30 (+10), Con 32 (+11), Int 12 (+1), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +12; CMB +12 (+22 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 37 
Skills Bluff +3, Escape Artist +37, Intimidate +19, Perception +21, Stealth +34, Use Magic Device +19 
SQ basic chaokinesis, burn (5 points/round, maximum 14), composite specialization, expanded element 
(void, void), gather power, infusion specialization 4, internal buffer 3, supercharge 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 8 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Burn (Ex) Some of your wild talents allow you to accept burn in exchange for a greater effect, while others 
require you to accept a certain amount of burn to use that talent at all. For each point of burn you accept, 
you take 1 point of nonlethal damage per character level. This damage can’t be healed by any means 
other than getting a full night’s rest, which removes all burn and associated nonlethal damage. Nonlethal 
damage from burn can’t be reduced or redirected, and if you are incapable of taking nonlethal damage 
then you can’t accept burn. You can accept only 5 points of burn per round. You can’t choose to accept 
burn if it would put your total number of points of burn higher than 3 + you Constitution modifier 
(though you can be forced to accept more burn from a source outside your control). Whilst you possess 
burn you can never benefit from abilities that allow you to ignore or alter the affects you receive from 
nonlethal damage. 

Composite Specialization (Su) You reduce the burn cost of all composite blasts by 1 point. This can’t reduce 
the cost of a composite blast below 0 points. 
Death Curse (Su) You suffer from a terrible curse for having slain a fjord linnorm. 
Curse of Drowning: save Will DC 26; effect you can never gain the benefit of water breathing for as 
long as you suffer from the curse. In addition, you can hold your breath only half as long as normal, and 
whenever you hold your breath, you function as though sickened. 
Death Throes (Su) When you are slain, your body combusts in a flash of searing light. All creatures within a 
5-foot burst must succeed at a Fortitude save (DC = 10 + ½ your Hit Dice + your Constitution bonus) or 
be dazzled for 1d4 rounds. The corpse left behind is a third of your size, withered and no longer 
recognizable. Raise dead and similar spells cast upon these remains restore you as normal. 
Elemental Defense (Su) You have the following defense wild talent. 
Emptiness (Su): Your body becomes an empty husk, fueled by an internal void. You gain negative 
energy resistance 2, a 5% chance to ignore critical hits and sneak attacks, and a +1 bonus on Will saves 
against emotion effects. By accepting 1 point of burn, you can increase the resistance to negative energy 
by 2, the chance to ignore critical hits and sneak attacks by 5%, and the bonus on Will saves against 
emotion effects by 1 until the next time your burn is removed. The chance of ignoring critical hits and 
sneak attacks granted by this wild talent stacks with the chance granted by elemental overflow to a 
maximum of 100%. When you accept burn while using a void wild talent, your bonus on Will saves 
applies against all mind-affecting effects for 1 round. You can dismiss and restore this effect as an 
immediate action. 
Elemental Overflow (Ex) Your body surges with energy from your element whenever you accept burn, 
causing you to glow with a nimbus of fire, weep water from your pores, or experience some other 
thematic effect. You receive a bonus on your attack rolls with kinetic blasts equal to the total number of 
points of burn you currently possess, to a maximum bonus of +1 for every 3 kineticist levels you 
possess. You also receive a bonus on damage rolls with your kinetic blast equal to double the bonus on 
attack rolls. You can suppress the visual effects of elemental overflow by concentrating for 1 full round, 
but doing so suppresses all of this ability’s other benefits, as well. The next time you use any wild talent, 
the visual effects and benefits return instantly. As your body becomes more and more suffused with your 
element, you begin to gain more powerful benefits. Whenever you possess at least 3 points of burn, you 
gain a +2 size bonus to two physical ability scores of your choice. Whenever you have at least 5 points 
of burn, these bonuses increase to a +4 size bonus to one physical ability score of your choice and a +2 
size bonus to each of your other two physical ability scores. Whenever you have at least 7 points of 
burn, these bonuses increase to a +6 size bonus to one physical ability score of your choice, a +4 size 
bonus to a second physical ability score of your choice, and a +2 size bonus to the remaining physical 
ability score. You also gain a chance to ignore the effects of a critical hit or sneak attack equal to 5% × 
your current number of points of burn. 
Gather Power (Su) If you have both hands free you can gather energy or elemental matter as a move action. 
Gathering power creates an extremely loud, visible display in a 20-foot radius centered on you, as the 
energy or matter swirls around you. Gathering power in this way allows you to reduce the total burn cost 
of a blast wild talent you use in the same round by 1 point. You can instead gather power for 1 full 
round in order to reduce the total burn cost of a blast wild talent used on your next turn by 2 points (to a 
minimum of 0 points). If you do so, you can also gather power as a move action during your next turn to 
reduce the burn cost by a total of 3 points. If you take damage during or after gathering power and 
before using the kinetic blast that releases it, you must succeed at a concentration check (DC = 10 + 
damage taken + effective spell level of your kinetic blast) or lose the energy in a wild surge that forces 
you to accept a number of points of burn equal to the number of points by which your gathered power 
would have reduced the burn cost. This ability can never reduce the burn cost of a wild talent below 0 
points. 
Infusion Specialization (Ex) Whenever you use one or more infusions with a blast, you reduce the combined 
burn cost of the infusions by 4. This can’t reduce the total cost of the infusions used below 0. 
Infusions (Su) The following infusions alter your blasts. You can apply at most one form infusion and one 
substance infusion to your blasts. 

Darkness Infusion (substance): Your kinetic blast creates darkness. Treat each square of the path of 
your ranged attack kinetic blast, the target square of your melee attack kinetic blast, or the area of your 
area of effect kinetic blast as the center of a darkness effect that lasts until the end of your next turn. 
This effect counts as a 3
rd-level darkness spell. 
Darkness Infusion, Greater (substance): Your blast creates supernatural darkness, as per the 
darkness infusion, except it acts as deeper darkness and counts as a 6th-level darkness spell. 
 Grappling Infusion (substance): Your cloud, deadly earth, or wall blast grows tendrils that hold 
your enemies in place. Whenever a creature takes damage from the infused blast, you can attempt a 
combat maneuver check to have the blast grapple that opponent. Your bonus on this check is equal to 2 
+ your kineticist level + your Constitution modifier (treat the blast as a Huge creature). The blast only 
grapples opponents; it can’t perform other functions of grapple maneuvers such as pinning or moving 
the opponent. If the blast is already grappling an opponent, it receives a +5 bonus on its combat 
maneuver check to maintain the grapple, as normal. You can use this infusion only if you also use the 
cloud, deadly earth, or wall form infusion. 
Kinetic Blade (form): By accepting 1 point of burn you form a weapon using your kinetic abilities. 
You create a non-reach, light or one-handed weapon in your hand formed of pure energy or elemental 
matter. The kinetic blade’s shape is purely cosmetic and doesn’t affect the damage dice, critical threat 
range, or critical multiplier of the kinetic blade, nor does it grant the kinetic blade any weapon special 
features. You can use this form infusion once as part of an attack action, a charge action, or a full-attack 
action in order to make melee attacks with your kinetic blade. Since it’s part of another action (and isn’t 
an action itself), using this wild talent doesn’t provoke any additional attacks of opportunity. The kinetic 
blade deals your kinetic blast damage on each hit (applying any modifiers to your kinetic blast’s damage 
as normal, but not your Strength modifier). The blade disappears at the end of your turn. The weapon 
deals the same damage type that your kinetic blast deals, and it interacts with Armor Class and spell 
resistance as normal for a blast of its type. The kinetic blade doesn’t add the damage bonus from 
elemental overflow. 
Kinetic Whip (form): By accepting 2 points of burn, you form a long tendril of energy or elemental 
matter. This functions as kinetic blade but counts as a reach weapon appropriate for your size. Unlike 
most reach weapons, the kinetic whip can also attack nearby creatures. The kinetic whip disappears at 
the beginning of your next turn, but in the intervening time, it threatens all squares within its reach, 
allowing you to make attacks of opportunity that deal the whip’s usual damage. 
Pulling Infusion (substance): Your kinetic blast pulls foes toward you. Attempt a dragAPG combat 
maneuver check against each target damaged by your infused blast (the blast always drags the foe closer 
to you), using your Constitution modifier instead of your Strength modifier to determine your CMB. 
This infusion can pull a foe a maximum of 5 feet. You can increase the maximum distance pulled by 5 
feet per additional point of burn accepted. 
Pushing (substance): The momentum of your kinetic blast knocks foes back. Attempt a bull rush 
combat maneuver check against each target damaged by your infused blast, using your Constitution 
modifier instead of your Strength modifier to determine your bonus. This infusion can push a foe back 
by a maximum of 5 feet. You can increase the burn cost of this infusion to increase the maximum 
distance pushed by 5 feet per additional point of burn accepted. You can’t use this infusion with a form 
infusion such as cloud that causes your kinetic blast to lack a clear direction to push. 
Singularity (form): You create a growing singularity. Choose a grid intersection within 30 feet. All 
creatures and objects in a 5-foot-radius burst centered on the intersection take ¼ your blast’s normal 
amount of damage (or half damage for a negative blast). On your next turn, the singularity deals damage 
in a 10-foot-radius burst, and on your turn after that, it deals damage in a 15-foot-radius burst. The DC is 
Dexterity-based. 
Wall (form): You create a wall of churning elements, flensing debris, or roiling energy. The wall 
appears within 30 feet and can be either up to 10 feet high and up to 120 feet long or up to 20 feet high 
and up to 60 feet long. All creatures and objects in one of the wall’s squares when you create it take ¼ 
the normal damage from your blast with no saving throw (or half the normal damage for an energy 
blast). Anytime a creature crosses the wall, it takes half the normal damage from your blast (or full 

damage for an energy blast). The wall is not completely solid, but it does provide cover against attacks 
from the other side of the wall. The wall lasts for a number of rounds equal to your Constitution 
modifier or until you use a wall infusion again. 
Internal Buffer (Su) You possess an internal buffer with which to store extra energy. The buffer starts empty 
and doesn’t replenish each day, but you can accept 1 point of burn to add 1 point to the buffer as a 
full-round action, to a maximum of 3 points total. Once you add points to your buffer, they remain 
indefinitely until you spend them. When you would otherwise accept burn, you can spend 1 point from 
your buffer to avoid accepting 1 point of burn. You cannot spend more than 1 point from your buffer in 
this way for a single wild talent. Points spent from the internal buffer don’t activate elemental overflow 
or add to its effects. Similarly, this buffer can be used to exceed the limit on the number of points of 
burn you can accept in a single turn. 
Kinetic Blast (Sp) As a standard action, you can unleash a kinetic blast at a single target up to a range of 30 
feet. You must have at least one hand free to aim the blast. All damage from a kinetic blast is treated as 
magic for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. Kinetic blasts count as a type of weapon for the 
purpose of feats such as Weapon Focus. You are never considered to be wielding or gripping the kinetic 
blast (regardless of effects from form infusions), and you can’t use Vital Strike feats with kinetic blasts. 
Even the weakest kinetic blast involves a sizable mass of elemental matter or energy, so kinetic blasts 
always deal full damage to swarms of any size (though only area blasts deal extra damage to swarms). A 
readied kinetic blast can be used to counterspell any spell of equal or lower level that shares its 
descriptor. A kinetic blast that deals energy damage of any type (including force) has the corresponding 
descriptor. 
Light Sensitivity You are dazzled in areas of bright light. 
Metakinesis (Su) You gain the ability to alter your kinetic blasts as if with metamagic feats by accepting burn. 
By accepting 1 point of burn, you can empower your kinetic blast (as if using Empower Spell); by 
accepting 2 points of burn, you can maximize your kinetic blast as if using Maximize Spell; or by 
accepting 3 points of burn, you can quicken your kinetic blast as if using Quicken Spell. 
See in Darkness (Su) You can see perfectly in darkness of any kind, including that created by deeper darkness. 
Shadow Blending (Su) Attacks against you in dim light have a 50% miss chance instead of the normal 20% 
miss chance. This ability does not grant total concealment; it just increases the miss chance. 
Supercharge (Su) When using gather power as a move action, you can reduce the total burn cost of a single 
wild talent by 2 points instead of 1. When using gather power for 1 full round, you can reduce the burn 
cost of a single wild talent by 3 points instead of 2. 
Utility You have the following utility wild talents. 
Animate Dead (Sp): For 1 burn, you may cast animate dead as a psychic spell. You must provide 
emotion and thought components, as well as material components where appropriate. 
Basic Chaokinesis (Sp): You can create a shadow that protects a target from bright light. You can 
also change gravity to increase a creature’s carrying capacity by half or grant a creature a +4 bonus on 
Acrobatics checks to jump. Each benefit lasts 1 hour or until you use basic chaokinesis again. 
Gravity Control (Sp): You manipulate gravity as a standard action, propelling you up to 60 feet in a 
straight line, including into the air; any movement upward costs double. If you end your turn mid-air, 
you fall on your next turn unless you use gravity control again. 
Greater Gravity Control (Sp): You can use gravity control as a move action and can hover in place 
without spending an action. 
Kinetic Form (Sp): You are able to suspend your body in a large mass of elemental matter. Until the 
next time your burn is removed, you can change your size to Large or shift back to your original size as 
a standard action. This doesn’t change your ability scores in any way. You can accept 1 additional point 
of burn to instead change your size to Huge. You cannot use kinetic form to decrease your size. 
Reverser Shift (Sp): You reverse the flow of your connection to the planes, sending your body into 
the Ethereal Plane as ethereal jaunt. As long as you concentrate on reverse shift, you remain on the 
Ethereal Plane; after a number of consecutive rounds spent on the Ethereal Plane equal to your kineticist 
level (and every such interval thereafter), you must accept 1 point of burn. Once you return to the 

Material Plane, you cannot use reverse shift again for a number of rounds equal to the number of rounds 
you spent on the Ethereal Plane. 
Skilled Kineticist (Su): You gain a bonus equal to ½ your kineticist level on skill checks with the 
skills your primary element added to your class skill list, and you can use the Knowledge skill associated 
with your primary element to identify elementals of your primary element’s subtype. 
Skilled Kineticist, Greater (Su): By delving into study of the Ethereal and Elemental Planes, you are 
able to use your primary element to assist with your skills in an unusual way. Add Knowledge (planes) 
to your list of class skills. Choose one of your kineticist class skills that wasn’t granted by your primary 
element to also receive the bonus from skilled kineticist. 
Spark of Life (Sp): You breathe a semblance of life into elemental matter, which takes the form of a 
Greater or lesser elemental of any of your elements as if summoned by summon monster VII with a 
caster level equal to your kineticist level, except the elemental gains the mindless trait. Each round on 
your turn, you must take a move action to guide the elemental or it collapses back into its component 
element. By accepting 1 point of burn, you can pour a bit of your own sentience into the elemental, 
removing the mindless quality and allowing it to persist for 1 round per kineticist level without requiring 
any further actions. 
Suffocate (Sp): You choke a creature within 120 feet. If your target needs to breathe, it must hold its 
breath for as long as you concentrate. On each of its turns, it can attempt a Fortitude save in order to 
speak, but it can breathe only if your concentration breaks, you leave the 120-foot range, or you break 
line of effect. You can accept 1 point of burn when activating this wild talent in order to expel the air 
from your target’s lungs. If you do so and the target fails its first Fortitude save, it becomes disabled and 
is reduced to 0 hit points, and on its second failed Fortitude save, it falls unconscious and is reduced to 
–1 hit points. 
 
BOOK OF NIGHT WITHOUT MOON 
Aura moderate illusion; CL 8th 

Slot none; Price 15,000gp; Weight 4 lbs. 
DESCRIPTION 
This black grimoire’s pages are mostly blank, but a few contain rough watercolor silhouettes. The Book of Night 
without Moon is a repository for trapped shadows. To sever a shadow from its owner and add it to the book, the 
user must speak a command word and snap the book shut on the shadow. The shadow must be very still when it 
is severed, so the victim must be either willing or helpless. The book has 40 pages; a shadow takes up a number 
of pages equal to the Hit Dice of the creature that cast it.  
 
A creature whose shadow is stolen must succeed at a DC 18 Will save or be sickened by a nameless melancholy 
until its shadow is returned (in the meantime, the creature casts no shadow). Losing its shadow has no adverse 
effect on a creature that cannot be sickened. A remove curse spell cast on the creature ends the effect and 
retrieves the shadow from the book.  
 
As a standard action, the book’s bearer may release a shadow from the book, conjuring an illusory duplicate of 
the shadow’s owner as if with the spell shadow conjuration (DC 18 Will save to recognize that the conjuration 
is an illusion). The shadow is intelligent and can follow complex commands, but cannot speak and lacks the 
memories or personality of the creature that cast it. The shadow serves the character who released it for 1 hour 
or until destroyed, whichever comes first. The shadow then returns instantly and permanently to its original 
owner, wherever he or she may be. It cannot be commanded to return to the book and cannot be stolen again. 
The book’s magic can sustain up to five active shadows at a time.  
 
Sin’s Book of Night without Moon currently contains a dire bat, a dire shark, a hill giant, and a titan centipede—
what she claims to be her “nightshade servants.” 
CONSTRUCTION 
Requirements Craft Wondrous Item, shadow conjuration; Cost 7,500gp 

Fjord Linnorm Bloody Skeleton 
NE Gargantuan undead (aquatic) 
Init +11; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision, scent, true 
seeing; Perception +0 
DEFENSE 
AC 19, touch 13, flat-footed 12 (+7 Dex, +6 natural, –4 size) 
hp 120 (16 HD); fast healing 8 
Fort +7, Ref +12, Will +10 
Defensive Abilities channel resistance +4; DR 5/bludgeoning; 
Immune cold, undead traits 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft., fly 100 ft. (average), swim 60 ft. 
Melee bite +21 (2d8+13), 2 claws +21 (2d6+13), tail +16 (2d6+6) 
Space 20 ft.; Reach 20 ft. 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 36 (+13), Dex 25 (+7), Con –, Int –, Wis 10 (+0), Cha 
14 (+2) 
Base Atk +12; CMB +29; CMD 46 (can’t be tripped) 
Feats Improved Initiative
B 
Skills Fly +1, Stealth –5, Swim +21 
SQ deathless 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Deathless (Su) A bloody skeleton is destroyed when reduced to 0 hit points, but it returns to unlife 1 hour later 
at 1 hit point, allowing its fast healing thereafter to resume healing it. A bloody skeleton can be 
permanently destroyed if it is destroyed by positive energy, if it is reduced to 0 hit points in the area of a 
bless or hallow spell, or if its remains are sprinkled with a vial of holy water. 