

Sinaris Valon 
Male half-elf transmuter 10 (scrollmaster) 
N Medium humanoid (elf, human) 
Init +1; Senses low-light vision; Perception +19 
Languages Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, 
Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnome, 
Goblin, Gnoll, Halfling, Ignan, Infernal, Orc, 
Sylvan, Terran, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 11, flat-footed 17 (+4 armor, +1 Dex, +3 
natural); mage armor 
hp 78 plus false life (10 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +7, Will +11; +2 vs. enchantment 
Immune sleep effects 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland 
flight 
Melee +2 scroll blade +10 (1d6+5/19-20) 
Ranged by weapon +6 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 10
th; Concentration +17) 
10/day – augment (5 rounds) 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 10
th, CL 12th with cone of cold; Concentration +17) 
5th  (4/day) – cone of cold (2), overland flight, wall of force 
4th  (6/day) – ball lightning
APG, beast shape II, dragon’s breathAPG (2), monstrous physique II
UM, 
stoneskin
M 
3rd  (6/day) – fireball, gaseous form, haste, lightning bolt, protection from energy, wind wall 
2nd (7/day) – bear’s endurance, false life
O, flaming sphere, invisibility, scorching ray, see invisibility 
1st  (7/day) – ant haulAPG, enlarge person, expeditious retreat, feather fall, mage armor, shield 
0  (at will) – detect magic, ghost sound, mage hand, mending, read magic 
Arcane School transmutation (enhancement); O Opposition school spell; Opposition Schools enchantment, 
necromancy 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 17 (+3), Dex 12 (+1), Con 14 (+2), Int 24 (+7), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 11 (+0) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +8; CMD 19 
Feats Craft Rod, Craft Wondrous Item
B, Cypher Magic, Cypher Script, Scribe ScrollB, Spell Focus (evocation), 
Spell Specialization (cone of cold) 
Skills Appraise +20, Craft (calligraphy) +20, Fly +14, Knowledge (arcana) +20, Knowledge (history) +20, 
Linguistics +20, Perception +19, Spellcraft +20, Swim +13; Racial Modifiers +2 Perception 
SQ adaptability, elf blood, physical enhancement +3, scroll blade, scroll shield 
Combat Gear arcane spell scrolls* (acid arrow 4, acid pit 2, blink 2, burning hands 2, cone of cold 4, detect 
scrying 2, dispel magic 2, dragon’s breath 2, endure elements 4, enlarge person 2, fireball 4, flaming 
sphere 2, gaseous form 4, grease 4, greater invisibility 2, greater magic weapon 2, haste 2, invisibility 4, 
keen edge 2, lightning bolt 2, magic missile 20, monstrous physique II 2, monstrous physique III, 
polymorph, protection from energy [acid, cold, electricity, fire] 2 each, remove curse 2, scorching ray 4, 
resist energy [acid, cold, electricity, fire] 2 each, see invisibility 2, shield 2, spiked pit 2, stoneskin, 
teleport 2, true strike 4, vampiric touch 2, wall of fire 2, web 2), potions of cure light wounds (6); Other 
Gear amulet of natural armor +3, bag of holding (type I), blessed book, cloak of resistance +3, 
everburning torch, headband of vast intellect +4 (fly, swim), inkpen, ink vial, lesser metamagic rods 
(empower, maximize), pearl of power (1st), scroll cases (2), spell component pouch, tender (69gp, 9sp) 
* All spell scrolls are minimum caster level, but can be cast at CL 12th (or CL 14
th for cone of cold scrolls). 

Spellbook 5th—beast shape III, cone of cold, monstrous physique III
UM, overland flight, passwall, 
permanency
M, polymorph, teleport, wall of force; 4th—acid pitAPG, ball lightingAPG, beast shape II, 
detect scrying, dragon’s breath
APG, greater invisibility, monstrous physique II, mnemonic enhancer, 
remove curse, stoneskinM, wall of fire; 3rd—arcane sight, blink, dispel magic, fireball, fly, gaseous 
form, greater magic weapon, haste, keen edge, lightning bolt, nondetectionM, protection from energy, 
spiked pitAPG, vampiric touch
O, wind wall; 2nd—acid arrow, blindness/deafnessO, bear’s endurance, 
bull’s strength, cat’s grace, false life
O, flaming sphere, invisibility, knock, make whole, pyrotechnics, 
resist energy, rope trick, scorching ray, see invisibility, spider climb, web; 1st—ant haulAPG, burning 
hands, charm person
O, endure elements, enlarge person, expeditious retreat, feather fall, grease, icicle 
daggerUM, mage armor, magic missile, magic weapon, shield, shocking grasp, silent image, true strike; 
0—all 
Encumbrance light 266 lb., medium 533 lb., heavy 800 lb.; Weight Carried 22 lb. 7 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Training You can use spell trigger and spell completion items for your favored class (wizard) as if one 
level higher. 
Augment (Sp) As a standard action, you can touch a creature and grant it either a +4 enhancement bonus to a 
single ability score of your choice or a +3 bonus to natural armor that stacks with any natural armor the 
creature might possess. This augmentation lasts a number of rounds equal to ½ your wizard level. You 
can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. 
Improved Scroll Casting (Su) You can cast a wizard spell from a scroll and use your own Intelligence score 
and relevant feats to set the DC for the spell, and can use your own caster level if it is higher than that of 
the scroll (similar to a caster using a staff). You must have already deciphered the writing on the scroll 
to use this ability. 
Perfection of Self (Su) As a swift action you can grant yourself an enhancement bonus to a single ability score 
equal to ½ your wizard level for one round. You may use this ability for a number of times per day equal 
to your wizard level. 
Physical Enhancement (Su) You gain a +3 enhancement bonus to one physical ability score (Strength, 
Dexterity, or Constitution). You can change this bonus to a new ability score when you prepare spells. 
Unless stated otherwise, assume it applies to Strength. 
Scroll Blade (Su) You can wield any paper, parchment, or cloth scroll as if it were a melee weapon. In your 
hands, the scroll acts as a short sword with an enhancement bonus equal to ½ the level of the highest-
level wizard spell on the scroll; a scroll with only a cantrip or 1st-level spell on it counts as a masterwork 
short sword. You are proficient in this weapon, and feats and abilities that affect short swords (such as 
Weapon Focus) apply to this weapon. You cannot wield two scroll blades at the same time. Activating 
this ability is a free action. A scroll blade only retains its abilities while in your hands. The scroll blade 
has hardness 0 and hit points equal to the highest-level wizard spell on the scroll. Each successful hit by 
the scroll blade reduces its hit points by 1; this damage cannot be repaired, but does not affect casting 
from the scroll. When its hit points reach 0, the scroll is destroyed. If a scroll contains a spell with a 
metamagic feat, this ability uses the original spell level of the spell (a scroll of empowered fireball 
counts as a 3
rd-level spell). When using a 4
th-level or higher wizard scroll as a scroll blade, you can 
choose to reduce its enhancement bonus by 1 (minimum +1 enhancement bonus) to treat it as a reach 
weapon. When using a 4
th-level or higher wizard scroll as a scroll blade, you can choose to reduce its 
enhancement bonus (to a minimum of a +1 enhancement bonus) to give any of the following weapon 
properties: defending, frost, icy burst, keen, ki focus, shock, shocking burst, speed. Adding any of these 
properties consumes an amount of enhancement bonus equal to the property’s cost (see Table 15–9: 
Melee Weapon Special Abilities in the Core Rulebook). You must know the prerequisite spell or spells 
to craft the weapon property in question. 
Scroll Shield (Su) You can wield any paper, parchment, or cloth scroll as if it were a light wooden shield. In 
your hands, the scroll grants a +1 shield bonus with an enhancement bonus equal to ½ the level of the 
highest-level wizard spell on the scroll; a scroll with only a cantrip or 1
st-level spell counts as a 
masterwork light shield. The scroll shield has no armor check penalty, arcane spell failure chance, or 

maximum Dexterity bonus. You are considered proficient in this shield. You can use a scroll blade in 
one hand and a scroll shield in the other hand. Activating this ability is a free action. A scroll shield only 
retains its abilities while in your hands. The scroll shield has hardness 0 and hit points equal to the 
highest-level wizard spell on the scroll. Each successful attack roll against you reduces the scroll 
shield’s hit points by 1; this damage cannot be repaired, but does not affect casting from the scroll. 
When its hit points reach 0, the scroll is destroyed. When using a 3rd-level or higher wizard scroll as a 
scroll shield, you can choose to reduce its enhancement bonus (to a minimum of a +1 enhancement 
bonus) to give it any of the following shield properties: ghost touch, light fortification, moderate 
fortification. Adding any of these properties consumes an amount of bonus equal to the property’s cost 
(see Table 15–5: Shield Special Abilities in the Core Rulebook). You must know the prerequisite spell 
or spells to craft the shield property in question. If a scroll contains a spell with a metamagic feat, this 
ability uses the original spell level of the spell (as above). 