

Skivven 
Male ratfolk alchemist 9 (plague bringer) 
NE Tiny humanoid (ratfolk) 
Init +5; Senses darkvision 60 ft., familiar’s alertness; Perception +14 
Languages Aklo, Common, Draconic, Goblin, Orc, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 24, touch 18, flat-footed 19 (+3 armor, +1 deflection, +5 Dex, +1 natural, 
+2 shield, +2 size) 
hp 74 (9 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +12, Will +4; +6 vs. disease 
Defensive Abilities cornered fury 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares) 
Melee mwk longspear +5/+0 (1d4–3 plus poison/×3) 
Ranged bomb +14/+9 touch (5d6+5 fire, 10 splash) or 
javelin +13 (1d3–3 plus poison) 
Space 2½ ft.; Reach 0 ft. (5 ft. with longspear) 
Special Attacks bomb (5d6+5, DC 19, 14/day), plague vial (90 minutes), poison use, swift poisoning, throw 
anything +5 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 9
th) 
3
rd  (4/day) – gaseous form (2), heroism (2) 
2nd (5/day) – alchemical allocation
APG (2), sickening strikes
ARG (2), vomit swarm
APG 
1st  (7/day) – ant haulAPG (2), detect secret doors, shield (2), true strike (2) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 5 (–3), Dex 20 (+5), Con 14 (+2), Int 20 (+5), Wis 11 (+0), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +1; CMD 17 
Feats Brew Potion
B, Master Alchemist, Mounted Combat, Skill Focus (ride, stealth), Stealthy, Throw 
Anything
B 
Skills Acrobatics +14, Appraise +17, Craft (alchemy) +29, Disable Device +19, Escape Artist +16, Fly +12, 
Perception +14 (+18 with tumor), Ride +17, Sleight of Hand +17, Stealth +27; Racial Modifiers +2 
Craft (alchemy), +2 Perception, +2 Use Magic Device, +4 Handle Animal checks to influence rodents 
SQ alchemy, discoveries (plague bomb, poison conversion, smoke bomb, stink bomb, tumor familiar), ongoing 
spells (see below), swift alchemy 
Combat Gear antiplague (9), antitoxin (9), blight tonic (2), poisons (dark reaver powder 3, dragon bile 3, 
nightmare vapor 3, purple worm poison 3, tears of death), potions (haste, heroism, protection from 
energy [fire]; all at CL 7th); Other Gear +1 buckler, +1 mithral shirt, alchemical crafting supplies 
(1,000gp worth), alchemist’s lab (not normally carried), alchemy crafting kit, amazing tools of 
manufacture (alchemy), amulet of natural armor +1, cap of human guise, cloak of resistance +1, 
formula book (69 pages remaining), Goz mask, javelins (10), masterwork backpack, masterwork 
longspear, masterwork thieves’ tools, ring of protection +1, tender (33gp, 3sp, 3cp) 
Formula Book 3rd-level—absorbing touch
APG, gaseous form, heroism, haste, protection from energy, remove 
disease; 2nd-level—alchemical allocation
APG, sickening strikesARG, vomit swarm
APG; 1st-level—ant 
haulAPG, bomber’s eyeAPG, crafter’s fortuneAPG, cure light wounds, detect secret doors, enlarge person, 
reduce person, shield, true strike 
Encumbrance light 30 lb., medium 60 lb., heavy 90 lb.; Weight Carried 23 lb. 15 oz.; ant haul 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alchemy (Su) When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal to 
your alchemist class level on the Craft (alchemy) check (included above). In addition, you can use Craft 
(alchemy) to identify potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to make 
such a check. You are also capable of creating bombs, extracts, and mutagens (see below). 

Bomb (Su) You can use a number of bombs each day equal to your alchemist class level + your Intelligence 
modifier. Bombs are unstable, and if not used in the round they are created, they degrade and become 
inert—their method of creation prevents large volumes of explosive material from being created and 
stored. Creating and throwing a bomb requires a standard action that provokes an attack of opportunity. 
Thrown bombs have a range of 20 feet and use the Throw Splash Weapon special attack. Bombs are 
considered weapons and can be selected using feats such as Point-Blank Shot and Weapon Focus. On a 
direct hit, your bomb inflicts 1d6 points of fire damage plus additional damage equal to your 
Intelligence modifier (due to the throw anything class ability). The damage of your bomb increases by 
1d6 points at every odd-numbered alchemist level (this bonus damage is not multiplied on a critical hit 
or by using feats such as Vital Strike). Splash damage from an alchemist bomb is always equal to the 
bomb’s minimum damage. Those caught in the splash damage can attempt a Reflex save DC 22 for half 
damage. 
Cornered Fury Whenever you are reduced to half or fewer hit points, and have no conscious ally within 30 
feet, you gain a +2 racial bonus on melee attack rolls and to Armor Class. 
Disease Resistance (Ex) You gain a +6 bonus on all saving throws against disease (included above). 
Extracts (Su) You may create and use extracts, essentially spells in the form a drinkable liquid. For the most 
part, extracts follow the rules of both potions and spells. 
Ongoing Spells Due to your low strength, you and your familiar often rely on ant haul. Additionally, you have 
had your reduce person spell made permanent upon yourself via a third party. You have similarly cast 
enlarge person upon your tumor familiar, so that you may better ride it into battle as a steed. These 
effects function at CL 9
th and thus require a DC 20 caster level check to dispel. 
Plague Bomb (Su) The effects of the smoke created by your alchemist’s bomb duplicates the effects of 
contagion instead of fog cloud, filling an area equal to twice the bomb’s splash area for 1 round per 
level. This ability cannot be used in conjunction with smoke bomb or stink bomb. 
Plague Vial (Su) You can create a plague vial, an alchemically grown and concentrated disease sample. It takes 
1 hour to prepare a plague vial, and once prepared, the vial remains potent until used. You can only 
maintain 1 plague vial at a time—if you prepare a second vial, any existing plague vial becomes inert. A 
plague vial that is not in a plague bringer’s possession becomes inert until a plague bringer picks it up 
again. It’s a standard action to drink a plague vial. Upon being imbibed, the plague vial infects your 
blood, sweat, tears, and other bodily fluids for 10 minutes per class level. Any creature that harms you 
with melee attacks (except with reach weapons) must make a Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your alchemist 
level + the your Intelligence modifier) or become sickened for 1 round per alchemist level. You are 
immune to the effects of your own plague vial, but not that of another’s plague vial. The effects of 
multiple plague vials do not stack. As a standard action, you can infect a weapon with this sickness 
(typically by licking it or wiping your blood or pus on it). The disease on the weapon works like a 
poisoned weapon, except the source is a disease instead of a poison (so a dwarf’s resistance to poison 
does not apply). Anyone other than a plague bringer (including another alchemist) who drinks a plague 
vial must make a saving throw against the vial’s DC or become nauseated for 1 hour. Unless you learn 
how to brew a mutagen by taking the mutagen discovery, you can never benefit from a mutagen and 
react to it as if you were a non-alchemist. At any particular time, you can only be under the effect of 
either a plague vial or a mutagen (not both); drinking another immediately ends the effects of any 
ongoing plague vial or mutagen. All limitations to mutagens apply to plague vials as if they were the 
same substance. The infuse mutagen discovery and persistent mutagen class ability apply to plague 
vials. The sticky poison discovery applies to a weapon infected with a plague vial. The plague vial is a 
disease effect. 
Poison Conversion By spending 1 minute, you can convert 1 dose of poison from its current type (contact, 
ingested, inhaled, or injury) to another type. This process requires an alchemy lab. 
Poison Use (Ex) You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying 
poison to a weapon. 
Poisons You carry of variety of poisons, which you use to sow chaos among the weak: 
Dark reaver powder—ingested; save Fort DC 18, onset 10 minutes, frequency 1/minute for 6 minutes, 
effect 1d3 Con and 1 Str, cure 2 consecutive saves. 

Dragon bile—contact; save Fort DC 26, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d3 Str, cure none. 
Nightmare vapor—inhaled; save Fort DC 20, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1 Wis and confused 
for 1 round, cure 2 consecutive saves. 
Purple worm poison—injury; save Fort DC 24, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d3 Str, cure 2 
consecutive saves. 
Tears of death—contact; save Fort DC 22, onset 1 minute, frequency 1/minute for 6 minutes, effect 1 
1d6 Con and paralyzed for 1 minute, cure none. 
Smoke Bomb When you create a bomb, you can choose to have it create a cloud of thick smoke when it 
detonates. The cloud functions as fog cloud, filling an area equal to twice the bomb’s splash radius for 1 
round per level. This ability cannot be used in conjunction with plague bomb or stink bomb. 
Stink Bomb The effects of the smoke created by an alchemist’s bomb can duplicate the effects of stinking 
cloud instead of fog cloud, filling an area equal to twice the bomb’s splash radius for 1 round. This 
ability cannot be used in conjunction with plague bomb or smoke bomb. 
Swift Alchemy (Ex) You can create alchemical items with astounding speed. It takes you half the normal 
amount of time to create alchemical items. 
Swift Poisoning (Ex) You can apply a dose of poison to a weapon as a swift action. 
Throw Anything (Ex) You gain the Throw Anything feat as a bonus feat and you add your Intelligence 
modifier to damage done with splash weapons, including the splash damage if any. This bonus damage 
is already included in the bomb class feature (and in the above stats). 
Tumor Familiar (Ex) You have created a Diminutive or Tiny tumor on your body. As a standard action, you 
can have the tumor detach itself from your body as a separate creature vaguely resembling a kind of 
animal suitable for a familiar (bat, cat, and so on) and move about as if it were an independent creature. 
The tumor can reattach itself to you as a standard action. The tumor has all the abilities of the animal it 
resembles (for example, a bat-like tumor can fly) and familiar abilities based on you alchemist caster 
level (though some familiar abilities may be useless to an alchemist). The tumor acts as your familiar 
whether attached or separated (providing a skill bonus, the Alertness feat, and so on). When attached to 
you, the tumor has fast healing 5. Your extracts and mutagens are considered spells for the purposes of 
familiar abilities like share spells and deliver touch spells. If a tumor familiar is lost or dies, it can be 
replaced 1 week later through a specialized procedure that costs 200gp per alchemist level. The ritual 
takes 8 hours to complete. 
   

Fleshwing 
Tumor familiar (raven) 
NE Small magical beast (augmented animal) 
Init +1; Senses low-light vision; Perception +14 
Languages Undercommon; empathic link, speak with master, speak with birds 
DEFENSE 
AC 17, touch 12, flat-footed 16 (+1 Dex, +5 natural, +1 size) 
hp 37 (9 HD) 
Fort +5, Ref +8, Will +5 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 10 ft. (2 squares), fly 40 ft. (average) 
Melee bite +4 (1d4–3) or 
by spell +4 touch (as the spell) 
Special Attacks deliver touch spells 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 4 (–3), Dex 13 (+1), Con 8 (–1), Int 10 (+0), Wis 15 (+2), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +1; CMD 12 
Feats Skill Focus (stealth) 
Skills Acrobatics +13, Appraise +9, Craft (alchemy) +9, Disable Device +10, Escape Artist +10, Fly +7, 
Perception +14, Ride +10, Sleight of Hand +10, Stealth +20 
SQ alertness, empathic link, familiar traits, share spells, speak with master, speak with birds 
Gear masterwork backpack 
Encumbrance light 36 lb., medium 74 lb. 4 oz., heavy 112 lb. 8 oz.; Weight Carried 1 lb.; ant haul 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alertness (Ex) While your familiar is within arm’s reach, you gain the Alertness feat. 
Deliver Touch Spells (Su) If you and your familiar are in contact at the time you cast a touch spell, you can 
designate your familiar as the toucher. Your familiar can then deliver the touch spell personally. As 
usual, if you cast another spell before the touch is delivered, the touch spell dissipates. 
Empathic Link (Su) Your familiar has an empathic link with you out to one mile. You cannot see through your 
familiar’s eyes, but the two of you can communicate empathically. Only general emotional content can 
be communicated. You have the same connection to an item or place that your familiar does. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, your familiar takes no damage if he makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if 
the saving throw fails. 
Share Spells You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your familiar (as a touch spell) instead of on 
yourself. You may cast spells on your familiar even if the spells do not normally affect creatures of the 
familiar’s type (magical beast). 
Speak with Birds (Ex) Your familiar may communicate with other birds. Such communication is limited by 
the Intelligence of the conversing creatures. 
Speak With Master (Ex) You and your familiar may communicate verbally, using a private language no one 
else understands. 