

Sloy Garak 
Male aerieborn sorcerer 15 (seeker, wildblooded) 
LN Medium humanoid (shapechanger, skinwalker) 
Init +3; Senses low-light vision; Perception +51 
Languages Celestial, Common, Tengu 
DEFENSE 
AC 31, touch 18, flat-footed 28 (+8 armor, +5 deflection, +3 Dex, +5 
natural) 
hp 129 (15 HD) 
Fort +14, Ref +13, Will +24; +4 vs. positive or negative energy effects 
Defensive Abilities freedom of movement 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. when unencumbered 
Melee mwk dagger +9/+4 (1d4+1/19-20) 
Ranged heavenly fire +10 touch (1d4+9 divine energy) 
Special Attacks channel energy 3/day (DC 25, 10d6) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 15th or 19
th vs. SR; Concentration +27) 
1/day – feather fall 
11/day – heavenly fire (1d4+9 divine energy) 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 15th or 19
th vs. SR; Concentration +27) 
7th  (5/day) – banishmentB, caustic eruptionUM 
6th  (7/day) – acid fog, conjure black puddingUM, greater dispel magic
B, siroccoAPG, tar poolUC 
5th  (8/day) – acidic sprayUM M, corrosive consumptionUM, flame strike
B, teleport, wall of soundUM 
4th  (8/day) – acid pitAPG, greater invisibility, remove curseB, shocking image
UC, vitriolic mistUM 
3rd  (8/day) – cure serious woundsB, dispel magic, eruptive postulesUM, magic circle against evilB, major 
image, sleet storm, slow 
2nd (8/day) – acid arrow, acute sensesUM, continual flame
M, invisibility, resist energy
B, see invisibility, 
shatter 
1st  (9/day) – bless
B, feather fall, magic missile, shield, ventriloquism, unseen servant 
0  (at will) – acid splash, detect magic, detect poison, disrupt undead, guidance
B, mage hand, mending, 
message, prestidigitation, ray of frost 
Bloodline celestial (empyreal) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 12 (+1), Dex 16 (+3), Con 18 (+4), Int 14 (+2), Wis 26 (+8), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +8; CMD 26 
Feats Alertness, Cosmopolitan (knowledge: religion, perception), Craft Wondrous Item, Extend SpellB, Extra 
Channel, Forge Ring, Forgotten Past (incomplete), Iron WillB, Signature Skill (Perception), Skill Focus 
(perception) 
Skills Disable Device +30, Heal +28, Knowledge (religion) +17, Perception +51 (+58 vs. traps, +56 vs. 
invisible creature or objects), Sense Motive +12, Spellcraft +15 (+19 vs. bonus spells), Stealth +22 (+23 
in hilly or rocky areas); Check Penalty –3 (not included); Racial Bonuses +6 Perception, +2 Sense 
Motive 
SQ bloodline arcana (sorcerer abilities are Wisdom-based), sacred cistern, seeker magic, tinkering +7, 
traits (highlander, two-world magic: guidance) 
Combat Gear feather tokens (bird, fan, swan boat, tree); Other Gear authoritative vestments, belt of mighty 
constitution +6 (doubles as a meridian belt), belt pouches (2; one with coin, one with pebbles), bracers 
of armor +8, cloak of resistance +5, eyes of the eagle, healer’s gloves, holy text (25gp, 2 lb.), jewelry 
(100gp worth), malleable symbol, masterwork dagger, masterwork thieves’ tools, periscope, pontiff’s 
badge of office (as amulet of natural armor +5 and hand of glory), pontiff’s hood (as headband of 
inspired wisdom +6 and phylactery of positive channeling), ring of freedom of movement, ring of 
protection +5, rings of spell knowledge (II, III; acute sensesUM, cure serious wounds), robes of arcane 

heritage, rod of splendor, silver holy symbol (worth 25gp), spell component pouches (2), spiritualist 
rings, spy glass, tender (10sp), walking staff enchanted with continual flame 
Encumbrance light 43 lb., medium 86 lb., heavy 130 lb.; Weight Carried 44 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bloodline Arcana Unlike most sorcerers whose innate magic is powered by force of personality, you use pure 
willpower to master and fuel your magic. You use your Wisdom, rather than your Charisma, to 
determine all class features and effects relating to your sorcerer class, such as bonus spells per day, 
maximum spell level you can cast, and the save DCs of your spells. You gain a +2 bonus on all Heal and 
Knowledge (religion) checks. 
Change Shape (Su) You can change shape to a bestial form as a standard action. In bestial form, you gain a +2 
racial bonus to Dexterity. While in this form, you also take on an animalistic feature that provides a 
special effect. Each time you assume bestial form, you can choose to gain a bite attack that deals 1d6 
points of damage, 2 talon attacks that each deal 1d4 points of damage, a +4 racial bonus on Perception 
checks, or increase your fly speed gained from other sources by 10 feet. The skinwalker presented here 
is currently in bestial form, and has bonuses to Perception. 
Heavenly Fire (Sp) You can unleash a ray of heavenly fire as a standard action, targeting any foe within 30 feet 
as a ranged touch attack. Against evil creatures, this ray deals 1d4 points of damage + 1 for every two 
sorcerer levels you possess. This damage is divine and not subject to energy resistance or immunity. 
This ray heals good creatures of 1d4 points of damage + 1 for every two sorcerer levels you possess. A 
good creature cannot benefit from your heavenly fire more than once per day. Neutral creatures are 
neither harmed nor healed by this effect. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + 
your Charisma modifier. 
Highlander (mountains) You were born and raised in rugged badlands and you’ve become something of an 
expert at evading the predators, monsters, and worse that haunt the highlands. You gain a +1 trait bonus 
on Stealth checks, and Stealth is always a class skill for you. This trait bonus increases to +2 in hilly or 
rocky areas. 
Sacred Cistern (Su) Your bloodline makes you a natural receptacle of divine energy. You can channel energy 
once per day as a cleric of your sorcerer level –4. 
Seeker Lore (Ex) You gain a +4 bonus on all concentration checks, on caster level checks made to overcome 
spell resistance, and on all Knowledge (arcana) and Spellcraft checks made on topics associated with 
your bonus spells. 
Seeker Magic (Ex) When you apply a metamagic feat to any bonus spell granted by your bloodline, you reduce 
the metamagic feat’s spell level adjustment by 1. This reduction to the spell level adjustment for 
metamagic feats does not stack with similar reductions from other abilities. 
Signature Skill You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Perception: The distance modifier on the DC of Perception checks you attempt is reduced to +1 per 
40 feet. In addition, you gain a +5 bonus on Perception checks to notice or locate an invisible creature or 
objects. You remain alert to sounds even in your sleep, and the normal DC increase to Perception checks 
when you are sleeping doesn’t apply to you. 
Tinkering (Ex) You gain Disable Device as a class skill. In addition, you add half your sorcerer level on 
Perception checks made to locate traps and on all Disable Device skill checks (minimum +1). You can 
use Disable Device to disarm magical traps. 
Two-World Magic You know one extra 0-level spell, taken from a different class spell list. 