

Sojo 
  

Male goblin alchemist 7 
CN Small humanoid (goblinoid) 
Init +6; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +2 
Languages Common, Goblin, Orc 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 17, flat-footed 19 (+6 armor, +6 Dex, +2 shield, +1 size) 
hp 58 (7 HD) 
Fort +7, Ref +12, Will +5; +4 vs. poison 
Defensive Abilities poison resistance +4 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 spiked gauntlet +6 (1d4/×3) 
Ranged bomb +13 touch (4d6+4 fire, 8 splash) 
Special Attacks bomb (4d6+4, DC 17, 11/day), explosive bomb, poison use, 
smoke bomb, stink bomb, swift poisoning, throw anything +4 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 7th; Concentration +11) 
3rd (2/day) – fly (2) 
2nd (4/day) – barkskin (2), protection from arrows, resist energy 
1st (5/day) – bomber’s eyeAPG, cure light wounds, expeditious retreat, reduce person, shield 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 22 (+6), Con 12 (+1), Int 18 (+4), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +3; CMD 19 
Feats Brew PotionB, Far Shot, Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot, Throw Anything
B, Weapon Focus (bomb) 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +21, Craft (traps) +19, Disable Device +21, Fly +16, Knowledge (arcana) +14, 
Knowledge (nature) +14, Ride +10, Spellcraft +14, Stealth +21; Racial Modifiers +4 Ride, +4 Stealth 
SQ alchemy, discoveries (explosive bomb, smoke bomb, stink bomb), mutagen (70 minutes), swift alchemy 
Combat Gear tanglefoot bags (9); Other Gear +1 buckler, +1 punching dagger, +2 mithral shirt, alchemical 
building supplies (200gp worth), alchemist’s kit, belt of incredible dexterity +2, brooch of shielding, 
cloak of resistance +1 (doubles as muleback cords), formula book, headband of vast intelligence +2 
(knowledge: arcana), masterwork backpack, ring of maniacal devices, tender (33gp), trap building 
supplies (500gp worth) 
Formula Book 3rd-level—fly; 2nd-level—barkskin, protection from arrows, resist energy; 1st-level—bomber’s 
eyeAPG, cure light wounds, disguise self, expeditious retreat, reduce person, shield 
Encumbrance light 64 lb. 8 oz., medium 129 lb. 12 oz., heavy 195 lb. 0 oz.; Weight Carried 58 lb. (excluding 
tender and building supplies) 
 

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alchemy (Su) When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal to your 
alchemist class level on the Craft (alchemy) check (included above). In addition, you can use Craft (alchemy) to 
identify potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to make such a check. You are 
also capable of creating bombs, extracts, and mutagens (see below). 
Bomb (Su) You can use a number of bombs each day equal to your alchemist class level + your Intelligence modifier. 
Bombs are unstable, and if not used in the round they are created, they degrade and become inert—their method 
of creation prevents large volumes of explosive material from being created and stored. Creating and throwing a 
bomb requires a standard action that provokes an attack of opportunity. Thrown bombs have a range of 20 feet 
and use the Throw Splash Weapon special attack. Bombs are considered weapons and can be selected using feats 
such as Point-Blank Shot and Weapon Focus. On a direct hit, your bomb inflicts 1d6 points of fire damage plus 
additional damage equal to your Intelligence modifier (due to the throw anything class ability). The damage of 
your bomb increases by 1d6 points at every odd-numbered alchemist level (this bonus damage is not multiplied 
on a critical hit or by using feats such as Vital Strike). Splash damage from an alchemist bomb is always equal to 
the bomb’s minimum damage. Those caught in the splash damage can attempt a Reflex save DC 17 for half 
damage. 
Explosive Bomb Your bombs now have a splash radius of 10 feet rather than 5 feet. Creatures that take a direct hit from 
an  explosive  bomb  catch  fire, taking  1d6  points  of fire damage each round until  the fire  is extinguished. 
Extinguishing the flames is a full round action that requires a Reflex save. Rolling on the ground provides the 
target with a +2 to the save. Dousing the target with at least 2 gallons of water automatically extinguishes the 
flames. 
Extracts (Su) You may create and use extracts, essentially spells in the form a drinkable liquid. For the most part, extracts 
follow the rules of both potions and spells. 
Mutagen (Su) You may brew a dose of mutagen in 1 hour, and once brewed, it remains potent until used. You can only 
maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any existing mutagen becomes inert. As with 
an extract or bomb, a mutagen that is not in your possession becomes inert until you pick it up again. When you 
brew a mutagen, you select one physical ability score—Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution. It’s a standard action 
to drink a mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen causes you to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you 
a +2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical bonus to the selected ability score for 10 minutes per alchemist 
level. In addition, while the mutagen is in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your mental ability scores. If the 
mutagen enhances your Strength, it applies a penalty to your Intelligence. If it enhances your Dexterity, it applies 
a penalty to your Wisdom. If it enhances your Constitution, it applies a penalty to your Charisma. A non-
alchemist who drinks a mutagen must make a DC 17 Fortitude save or become nauseated for 1 hour—a non-
alchemist can never gain the benefit of a mutagen, but an alchemist can gain the effects of another alchemist’s 
mutagen if he drinks it. (Although if the other alchemist creates a different mutagen, the effects of the “stolen” 
mutagen immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever you drink a mutagen, the effects of 
any previous mutagen immediately end. 
Poison Use (Ex) You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying poison to a 
weapon. 
Smoke Bomb When you create a bomb, you can choose to have it create a cloud of thick smoke when it detonates. The 
cloud functions as fog cloud, filling an area equal to twice the bomb’s splash radius for 1 round per alchemist 
level. 
Stink Bomb The effects of the smoke created by your smoke bomb can duplicate the effects of stinking cloud instead of 
fog cloud, filling an area equal to twice the bomb’s splash radius for 1 round. 
Swift Alchemy (Ex) You can create alchemical items with astounding speed. It takes you half the normal amount of time 
to create alchemical items. 
Swift Poisoning (Ex) You can apply a dose of poison to a weapon as a swift action. 
Throw Anything (Ex) You gain the Throw Anything feat as a bonus feat and you add your Intelligence modifier to 
damage done with splash weapons, including the splash damage if any. This bonus damage is already included in 
the bomb class feature (and in the above stats). 
 