

Syrania, Betrayer of Heaven 
“No matter the outcome, I will always win.” 
 
Syrania is a despicable creature from another world who hates all life. Her 
hatred is so strong that she desires nothing less than the utter annihilation or 
corruption of all other beings. Unfortunately, she more than has the skills and 
preparation to back up her overweening ambitions, and the brilliant schemes of 
one of the most cunning and charismatic beings in all the multiverse. She 
prefers to remain unseen, working through lackeys and servitor creatures 
(usually the inhabitants of whatever kingdom or world she happens to inhabit at 
the time) while she plots and schemes. She’s quite prepared to abandon servants 
and attempts if they fail, and simply try again later in a better way (though her 
schemes are always designed to benefit her regardless of their outcome). It is 
her sole hobby to corrupt and manipulate the rulers of small kingdoms, 
destroying the population through politics and hate, often keeping an entire 
kingdom’s treasure for herself after it falls to deadly sin. Syrania is always 
spinning more simultaneous intrigues than there are stars in the sky, and with her domination ever growing, she 
seems content to view existence as nothing more than a dull game with one inevitable conclusion. 
 
Even before her birth, it was foretold in her peoples’ prophecies that a “hidden evil” would one day come and 
destroy all. Raised by cultists to believe that she was the subject of the prophecy, Syrania grew into a living 
symbol of corruption and evil. While still young, the ambitious Syrania lured a group of powerful angels into a 
deadly trap, and usurped their holy powers for herself—knowingly destroying her own cult in the process. 
Within a year of her “rebirth,” as a sorceress possessing divine power, Syrania had used her newfound powers 
of persuasion to subjugate her entire kingdom without ever having to lift a finger. Within a century, she gained 
dominion over her world and used lies and deceit to pitch the world’s inhabitants against one another. She 
watched on from behind the shadows as all life on the planet destroyed itself through interracial warfare. Within 
a thousand years, Syrania gained true dominion over the planet—she was the only sentient being still alive. 
 
Since engineering the utter annihilation of her own home world through guile alone, Syrania has moved on to 
other worlds, making use of her unsurpassed abilities of subterfuge to bring down kingdom after kingdom, 
world after world. Nobody knows how many kingdoms or worlds Syrania has actually destroyed in this 
manner…indeed, few even know that she exists.   

 
Syrania, Betrayer of Heaven 
Asexual venerable halfling sorcerer 15 (mythic archmage/trickster 7) 
NE Small humanoid (halfling) 
Init +1; Senses Perception +18 
Languages Abyssal, Celestial, Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Halfling, 
Infernal 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 13, flat-footed 22 (+12 armor, +1 Dex, +1 dodge, +1 size); 
enduring armor 
hp 151 plus false life (15 HD) 
Fort +15, Ref +12, Will +16; +2 vs. fear 
Immune alignment discernment, detect thoughts, discern lies; Resist acid 10, 
cold 10; SR 21 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 60 ft. (good); wings of heaven 
Melee mwk longspear +8/+3 (1d6–1/×3) 
Ranged heavenly fire +9 touch (1d4+7) or 
mwk sling +10 (1d3–1) 
Space 5 ft.; Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with longspear) 
Special Attacks mythic power (17/day, surge +1d10), mythic presence (DC 34), trickster attack (fleet charge) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 15
th; Concentration +33) 
15/day – heavenly fire (1d4+7 divine energy) 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 15
th; Concentration +33) 
7th  (7/day) – banishment
B, mass hold person, plane shift
B, summon monster VII 
6th  (9/day) – greater dispel magic
B, mass suggestion, planar binding
B, siroccoAPG, true seeing
M 
5th  (9/day) – dominate person, flame strike
B, telekinesis, teleport 
4th  (9/day) – bestow curse, charm monster, contagion, dimensional anchor, malicious spite
M UM, remove 
curse
B 
3rd  (10/day) – ash storm
UM, haste, magic circle against evil
B, major image, slow 
2
nd (10/day) – detect thoughts, disguise otherUM, false life, haunting mists
UM, invisibility, resist energy
B 
1st  (10/day) – bless
B, feather fall, magic aura, magic missile, protection from evil, shield 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, dancing lights, detect magic, ghost sound, light, mage hand, message, 
prestidigitation, read magic 
Bloodline celestial 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 13 (+1), Con 18 (+4), Int 19 (+4), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 41 (+18); circlet of persuasion 
Base Atk +7; CMB +5; CMD 17 
Feats Childlike, Cosmopolitan (diplomacy, disguise), Craft Wondrous Item, DeceitfulM, Dodge
B, Dual Path
M, 
Eschew Materials
B, Expanded Arcana (2), Extend SpellB, Mythic Paragon
M, Persuasive
M, Skill Focus 
(intimidate) 
Skills Bluff +42 (may take 10 to act innocent), Diplomacy +42, Disguise +42 (+44 to pose as human child), Fly 
+7, Intimidate +48, Knowledge (planes) +19, Linguistics +5, Perception +18, Spellcraft +21, Stealth +5; 
Racial Bonuses +2 Perception 
SQ archmage arcana (wild arcana), bloodline arcana (summoned creatures gain DR 7/evil), celestial resistances, 
display of charisma, dominion over outsiders, enduring armor, fleet of foot, force of will, longevity, 
mythic saving throws, path dabbling (hierophant: divine countenance), persuasive countenance, 
recuperation, weapon familiarity, wings of heaven (15 minutes/day) 
Combat Gear material components (malicious spite 4, true seeing 5), potions of cure moderate wounds (8), 
sling bullets (10); Other Gear belt of mighty constitution +6, broken soul glabrezu bodyguards (2, see 
below), circlet of persuasion, cloak of resistance +5, headband of alluring charisma +6, jewelry (worth 

100gp), mantle of spell resistance, masterwork longspear, masterwork sling, ring of mind shielding, 
tender (44gp, 5sp), tome of leadership and influence +5 (already read) 
Encumbrance light 19 lb. 8 oz., medium 39 lb. 12 oz., heavy 60 lb.; Weight Carried 17 lb. 4 oz. (excluding 
tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Amazing Initiative (Ex) You gain a bonus on initiative checks equal to your mythic tier (included above). In 
addition, as a free action on your turn, you can expend one use of mythic power to take an additional 
standard action during that turn. This additional standard action can’t be used to cast a spell. You can’t 
gain an extra action in this way more than once per round. 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell of the summoning subschool, the creatures summoned gain 
DR/evil equal to ½ your sorcerer level (minimum 1). This does not stack with any DR the creature might 
have. 
Celestial Resistances (Ex) You gain resist acid 10 and resist cold 10 (included above). 
Conviction (Su) You can reroll any one ability check, attack roll, skill check, or saving throw you just made. 
You must decide to use this ability after the die is rolled, but before the results are revealed by the GM. 
You must take the second result, even if it is worse. You can use this ability once per day. 
Display of Charisma (Su) As a free action, you can expend one use of mythic power to attempt a feat of 
Charisma, gaining a +20 circumstance bonus on one Charisma-based skill check or Charisma ability 
check. 
Divine Countenance (Su) Whenever you encounter a creature whose alignment is within one step of yours, 
treat its attitude as one step better. If the creature’s starting attitude is helpful, you can make requests of 
the creature with a +5 bonus on your Diplomacy or Intimidate skill check. 
Dominion Over Outsiders (Ex) When bargaining with outsiders called via a planar binding or similar spell, 
you add a bonus equal to your tier on Charisma checks against the called creature and on caster level 
checks to prevent the creature from escaping your magic circle. In addition, you can expend a number of 
uses of mythic power equal to half the Hit Dice of the outsider to attempt to bind the outsider to perform 
a task for up to a year and a day. The creature gains a +5 bonus on the opposed Charisma check to refuse 
this request. If the outsider agrees to carry out this request, it is bound to perform that task for up to a 
year and a day or until otherwise released (either by completing the task or by your will). You cannot 
regain that use of mythic power until the outsider is released, effectively decreasing your total number of 
uses of mythic power per day by the number of uses spent to bind the outsider. 
Fleet Charge (Ex) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic power to move up to your speed. At 
any point during this movement, you can make a single melee or ranged attack at your highest attack 
bonus, adding your tier to the attack roll. This is in addition to any other attacks you make this round. 
Damage from this attack bypasses all damage reduction. 
Force of Will (Ex) You can exert your will to force events to unfold as you would like. As an immediate 
action, you can expend one use of mythic power to reroll a d20 roll you just made, or force any non-
mythic creature to reroll a d20 roll it just made. You can use this ability after the results are revealed. 
Whoever rerolls a roll must take the result of the second roll, even if it is lower. 
Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 
hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Heavenly Fire (Sp) You can unleash a ray of heavenly fire as a standard action, targeting any foe within 30 feet 
as a ranged touch attack. Against evil creatures, this ray deals 1d4 points of damage + 1 for every two 
sorcerer levels you possess. This damage is divine and not subject to energy resistance or immunity. 
This ray heals good creatures of 1d4 points of damage + 1 for every two sorcerer levels you possess. A 
good creature cannot benefit from your heavenly fire more than once per day. Neutral creatures are 
neither harmed nor healed by this effect. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + 
your Charisma modifier. 

Longevity (Su) You can no longer die from old age. If you have penalties to your physical ability scores due to 
aging, you no longer take those penalties. You still continue to age, and you gain all the benefits to your 
mental ability scores. 
Mythic Presence (Su) By expending one use of mythic power, you gain an effect similar to frightful presence, 
except that creatures are affected according to their tier (or rank, in the case of monsters) instead of their 
Hit Dice. Non-mythic creatures that fail their saves are panicked for 1 minute, and those that succeed are 
shaken for 1 minute. Creatures with a mythic tier or rank equal to or less than your tier are unaffected if 
they succeed, and are shaken for 1 minute if they fail. Creatures with a mythic tier or rank higher than 
yours are unaffected by your mythic presence. The Will save against your mythic presence equals 10 + 
your tier + your Charisma modifier. This ability lasts for 1 minute and has a range of 30 feet. 
Mythic Saving Throws (Ex) Whenever you succeed at a saving throw against a spell or special ability, you 
suffer no effects as long as that ability didn’t come from a mythic source (such as a creature with a 
mythic tier or mythic ranks). If you fail a saving throw that results from a mythic source, you take the 
full effects as normal. 
Path Dabbling (Su) Select one path ability from another mythic path. You must meet any other requirements 
that path ability has, including a minimum tier restriction. 
Persuasive Countenance (Su) Whenever you encounter a creature whose attitude is at least indifferent to you, 
treat its attitude as one step better. If the creature’s starting attitude is helpful, you can make requests of 
the creature with a +5 bonus on your Diplomacy or Intimidate check. 
Recuperation (Ex) You are restored to full hit points after 8 hours of rest so long as you aren’t dead. In 
addition, by expending one use of mythic power and resting for 1 hour, you regain a number of hit 
points equal to half your full hit points (up to a maximum of your full hit points) and regain the use of 
any class features that are limited to a certain number of uses per day (such as barbarian rage, bardic 
performance, spells per day, and so on). This rest is treated as 8 hours of sleep for such abilities. This 
rest doesn’t refresh uses of mythic power or any mythic abilities that are limited to a number of times 
per day. 
Surge (Su) You can call upon your mythic power to overcome difficult challenges. You can expend one use of 
mythic power to increase any d20 roll you just made by rolling 1d10 and adding it to the result. Using 
this ability is an immediate action taken after the result of the original roll is revealed. This can change 
the outcome of the roll.  
Wild Arcana (Su) As a standard action, you can expend one use of mythic power to cast any one arcane spell 
without expending a prepared spell or spell slot. The spell must be on one of your arcane class spell lists, 
must be of a level that you can cast with that arcane spellcasting class, and must have a casting time of 
“1 standard action” (or less). You don’t need to have the spell prepared, nor does it need to be on your 
list of spells known. When casting a spell in this way, you treat your caster level as 2 levels higher for 
the purpose of any effect dependent on level. You can apply any metamagic feats you know to this spell, 
but its total adjusted level can’t be greater than that of the highest-level arcane spell you can cast from 
that spellcasting class. 
Weapon Familiarity You are proficient with slings and treat any weapon with the word “halfling” in its name 
as a martial weapon. 
Wings of Heaven (Su) You can sprout feathery wings and fly for a number of minutes per day equal to your 
sorcerer level, with a speed of 60 feet and good maneuverability. This duration does not need to be 
consecutive, but it must be used in 1 minute increments. 

Phaborlo & Uglolek 
“As the mistress commands!” 
 
Phaborlo and Uglolek were once proud glabrezu demons long ago. Captured 
by Syrania and tortured into giving up their true names, they are now eternal 
prisoners to Syrania’s will. They continue to exist only as broken souls, 
torment and pain made manifest, and no longer possess any will of their own. 
Tortured to the extremes of both physical and mental endurance, and then 
taken beyond those barriers, they have gained extraordinary reserves of 
fortitude and resilience as well as the ability to inflict a measure of their own 
terrible suffering on others. Their skin is a mass of scar tissue, marred with 
bruises that do not fade and scored with countless scars. Much of their flesh 
has been flayed away, revealing the musculature and bone underneath. 
Weeping sores and open cuts cover their bodies, wounds that will never fully 
heal. Their limbs are twisted, the result of broken bones that were never set 
properly, and there are more than a few missing fingers, toes, and other 
appendages. Phaborlo’s and Uglolek’s existence is one of unending suffering, and the constant pain long ago 
drove them irrevocably mad. 
 
The two fiends primarily serve as her loyal bodyguards, but fanatically follow any orders given them by their 
mistress for fear of disappointing her and bringing about her great wrath. While traveling with their lady, they 
generally veil themselves as her parents, so as to not disrupt her various machinations. Even when away from 
prying eyes, they often continue to use veil to conceal their horrific mutilations. While wearing such guises, 
they do not have access to their baleful gaze attack. 
 
Phaborlo & Uglolek 
Broken Soul Glabrezu 
CE Huge outsider (chaotic, demon, evil, extraplanar) 
Init +0; Senses darkvision 60 ft., true seeing; Perception +21 
Languages Abyssal, Celestial, Draconic; telepathy 100 ft. 
DEFENSE 
AC 32, touch 8, flat-footed 32 (+24 natural, –2 size) 
hp 246 (12 HD) 
Fort +24, Ref +4, Will +7 
DR 10/good and 5/–; Immune electricity, poison; Resist acid 10, cold 10, 
fire 10, sonic 5; SR 24 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. 
Melee 2 pincers +20 (2d8+10/19–20), 2 claws +20 (1d6+10), bite +20 
(1d8+10) 
Space 15 ft.; Reach 15 ft. 
Special Attacks rend (2 pincers, 2d8+15) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 14
th; Concentration +9) 
Constant – true seeing 
At will – chaos hammer (DC 19), confusion (DC 19), dispel magic, mirror image, reverse gravity (DC 
22), greater teleport (self plus 50 lbs. of objects only), veil (self only), unholy blight 
1/day – power word stun, summon (level 4, 1 glabrezu 20% or 1d2 vrocks 50%) 
1/month – wish (granted to a mortal humanoid only) 
STATISTICS 
Str 31, Dex 11, Con 39, Int 16, Wis 8, Cha 20 

Base Atk +12; CMB +24; CMD 34 
Feats Cleave, Diehard
B, Endurance
B, Great Cleave, Great Fortitude
B, Improved Critical (pincer), Persuasive, 
Power Attack, ToughnessB, Vital Strike 
Skills Bluff +28, Diplomacy +22, Intimidate +30, Knowledge (history) +18, Knowledge (local) +18, Perception 
+21, Sense Motive +14, Stealth +7, Use Magic Device +17; Racial Modifiers +8 Bluff, +8 Intimidate, 
+8 Perception 
Gear none; apparent gear is nonfunctional 
Encumbrance light 2,448 lb., medium 4,896 lb., heavy 7,360 lb.; Weight Carried 0 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Agonized Wail (Su) As a standard action, a broken soul can emit an agonized wail that inspires terror in those 
who hear it. All creatures within 120 feet must succeed at a Will save or become shaken for as long as 
they remain within 120 feet of the broken soul. A successful save renders a creature immune to that 
broken soul’s agonized wail for 24 hours. This is a sonic mind-affecting fear effect. 
Baleful Gaze (Su) Any creature within 60 feet of a broken soul must succeed at a Fortitude save or take 1d4 
points of Strength, Constitution, and Charisma drain. Whatever the result of the saving throw, the 
creature cannot be affected by the same broken soul’s baleful gaze again for 1 minute. 
Torturous Touch (Su) A broken soul can make a touch attack to cause hideous, painful wounds to rip open in 
the target's body. This touch deals 2d6 points of slashing damage and 1d6 points of Dexterity damage, 
and causes the touched creature to fall prone in a fit of convulsions and be dazed for 1d4 rounds. A 
successful Fortitude save negates the Dexterity damage and the convulsive fit. 
 