

Syrania, Betrayer of Heaven 
“No matter the outcome, I will always win.” 
 
Syrania is a despicable creature who, through hating herself and her 
own deformities, has grown to hate all other life as well. Her hatred is 
so strong that she desires nothing less than the utter annihilation or 
corruption of all other beings. Unfortunately, she more than has the 
skills and preparation to back up her overweening ambitions. She 
prefers to remain unseen, working through lackeys and servitor 
creatures (usually the inhabitants of whatever town or kingdom she 
happens to inhabit at the time) while she plots and schemes. She’s 
quite prepared to abandon servants and attempts if they fail, and 
simply try again later in a better way (though her schemes are always 
designed to benefit her regardless of their outcome). It is her sole 
hobby to corrupt and manipulate the rulers of small kingdoms, 
destroying the population through politics and hate, often keeping an 
entire kingdom’s treasure for herself after it falls to deadly sin. 
Syrania frequently spins simultaneous intrigues, and with her vile 
powers ever growing, she seems content to view existence as nothing 
more than a dull game with one inevitable conclusion. 
 
Even before her birth, it was foretold in her peoples’ prophecies that a “hidden evil” would one day come and 
destroy all. Raised by cultists to believe that she was the subject of the prophecy, Syrania grew into a living 
symbol of corruption and evil. While still young, the ambitious Syrania lured a group of powerful angels into a 
deadly trap, and usurped their holy powers for herself—knowingly destroying her own cult in the process. 
Within a year of her “rebirth,” as a sorceress possessing divine power, Syrania had used her newfound powers 
of persuasion to subjugate her entire kingdom from the shadows, ultimately leading the nation’s citizens to 
destroy themselves through infighting. 
 
Since engineering the utter annihilation of her own homeland through guile alone, Syrania has moved on to 
other lands, making use of her unsurpassed abilities of subterfuge to bring down kingdom after kingdom. 
Nobody knows how many kingdoms Syrania has actually destroyed in this manner…indeed, few even know 
that she exists at all. 
 
   

Syrania, Betrayer of Heaven 
Asexual halfling sorcerer 15 
NE Small humanoid (halfling) 
Init +1; Senses Perception +2 
Languages Abyssal, Celestial, Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Halfling, 
Infernal 
DEFENSE 
AC 17, touch 13, flat-footed 15 (+4 armor, +1 Dex, +1 dodge, +1 size); mage 
armor 
hp 130 plus false life (15 HD) 
Fort +15, Ref +12, Will +15; +2 vs. fear 
Immune alignment discernment, detect thoughts, discern lies; Resist acid 10, 
cold 10; SR 21 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 60 ft. (good); wings of heaven 
Melee mwk longspear +8/+3 (1d6–1/×3) 
Ranged heavenly fire +9 touch (1d4+7) or 
mwk sling +10 (1d3–1) 
Space 5 ft.; Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with longspear) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 15
th; Concentration +26) 
15/day – heavenly fire (1d4+7 divine energy) 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 15
th; Concentration +29) 
7th  (6/day) – banishmentB, mass hold person, plane shift
B, summon monster VII 
6th  (8/day) – greater dispel magic
B, mass suggestion, planar binding
B, siroccoAPG, true seeing
M 
5th  (8/day) – dominate person, flame strike
B, telekinesis, teleport 
4th  (8/day) – bestow curse, charm monster, contagion, dimensional anchor, malicious spite
M UM, remove 
curse
B 
3rd  (9/day) – ash storm
UM, haste, magic circle against evil
B, major image, slow 
2
nd (9/day) – detect thoughts, disguise otherUM, false life, haunting mists
UM, invisibility, resist energy
B 
1st  (9/day) – blessB, mage armor, magic aura, magic missile, protection from evil, shield 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, dancing lights, detect magic, ghost sound, light, mage hand, message, 
prestidigitation, read magic 
Bloodline celestial 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 13 (+1), Con 18 (+4), Int 16 (+3), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 32 (+14); circlet of persuasion 
Base Atk +7; CMB +5; CMD 17 
Feats Childlike, Cosmopolitan (diplomacy, disguise), Craft Wondrous Item, Deceitful, Dodge
B, Eschew 
MaterialsB, Expanded Arcana (2), Extend SpellB, Persuasive, Skill Focus (intimidate) 
Skills Bluff +36 (may take 10 to act innocent), Diplomacy +36, Disguise +36 (+38 to pose as human child), Fly 
+7, Intimidate +42, Knowledge (planes) +18, Linguistics +4, Perception +2, Spellcraft +20, Stealth +5; 
Racial Bonuses +2 Perception 
SQ bloodline arcana (summoned creatures gain DR 7/evil), celestial resistances, fleet of foot, weapon 
familiarity, wings of heaven (15 minutes/day) 
Combat Gear material components (malicious spite 4, true seeing 5), potions of cure moderate wounds (8), 
sling bullets (10); Other Gear belt of mighty constitution +6, circlet of persuasion, cloak of resistance 
+5, broken soul glabrezu bodyguards (2, see below), headband of alluring charisma +6, jewelry (worth 
100gp), mantle of spell resistance, masterwork longspear, masterwork sling, ring of mind shielding, 
tender (44gp, 5sp), tome of leadership and influence +5 (already read) 
Encumbrance light 19 lb. 8 oz., medium 39 lb. 12 oz., heavy 60 lb.; Weight Carried 17 lb. 4 oz. (excluding 
tender) 

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell of the summoning subschool, the creatures summoned gain 
DR/evil equal to ½ your sorcerer level (minimum 1). This does not stack with any DR the creature might 
have. 
Celestial Resistances (Ex) You gain resist acid 10 and resist cold 10 (included above). 
Conviction (Su) You can reroll any one ability check, attack roll, skill check, or saving throw you just made. 
You must decide to use this ability after the die is rolled, but before the results are revealed by the GM. 
You must take the second result, even if it is worse. You can use this ability once per day. 
Heavenly Fire (Sp) You can unleash a ray of heavenly fire as a standard action, targeting any foe within 30 feet 
as a ranged touch attack. Against evil creatures, this ray deals 1d4 points of damage + 1 for every two 
sorcerer levels you possess. This damage is divine and not subject to energy resistance or immunity. 
This ray heals good creatures of 1d4 points of damage + 1 for every two sorcerer levels you possess. A 
good creature cannot benefit from your heavenly fire more than once per day. Neutral creatures are 
neither harmed nor healed by this effect. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + 
your Charisma modifier. 
Weapon Familiarity You are proficient with slings and treat any weapon with the word “halfling” in its name 
as a martial weapon. 
Wings of Heaven (Su) You can sprout feathery wings and fly for a number of minutes per day equal to your 
sorcerer level, with a speed of 60 feet and good maneuverability. This duration does not need to be 
consecutive, but it must be used in 1 minute increments. 
 
Phaborlo & Uglolek 
“As the mistress commands!” 
 
Phaborlo and Uglolek were once proud glabrezu demons long ago. Captured 
by Syrania and tortured into giving up their true names, they are now eternal 
prisoners to Syrania’s will. They continue to exist only as broken souls, 
torment and pain made manifest, and no longer possess any will of their own. 
Tortured to the extremes of both physical and mental endurance, and then 
taken beyond those barriers, they have gained extraordinary reserves of 
fortitude and resilience as well as the ability to inflict a measure of their own 
terrible suffering on others. Their skin is a mass of scar tissue, marred with 
bruises that do not fade and scored with countless scars. Much of their flesh 
has been flayed away, revealing the musculature and bone underneath. 
Weeping sores and open cuts cover their bodies, wounds that will never fully 
heal. Their limbs are twisted, the result of broken bones that were never set 
properly, and there are more than a few missing fingers, toes, and other 
appendages. Phaborlo’s and Uglolek’s existence is one of unending suffering, and the constant pain long ago 
drove them irrevocably mad. 
 
The two fiends primarily serve as her loyal bodyguards, but fanatically follow any orders given them by their 
mistress for fear of disappointing her and bringing about her great wrath. While traveling with their lady, they 
generally veil themselves as her parents, so as to not disrupt her various machinations. Even when away from 
prying eyes, they often continue to use veil to conceal their horrific mutilations. While wearing such guises, 
they do not have access to their baleful gaze attack.   

Phaborlo & Uglolek 
Broken Soul Glabrezu 
CE Huge outsider (chaotic, demon, evil, extraplanar) 
Init +0; Senses darkvision 60 ft., true seeing; Perception +21 
Languages Abyssal, Celestial, Draconic; telepathy 100 ft. 
DEFENSE 
AC 32, touch 8, flat-footed 32 (+24 natural, –2 size) 
hp 246 (12 HD) 
Fort +24, Ref +4, Will +7 
DR 10/good and 5/–; Immune electricity, poison; Resist acid 10, cold 10, 
fire 10, sonic 5; SR 24 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. 
Melee 2 pincers +20 (2d8+10/19–20), 2 claws +20 (1d6+10), bite +20 
(1d8+10) 
Space 15 ft.; Reach 15 ft. 
Special Attacks rend (2 pincers, 2d8+15) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 14
th; Concentration +9) 
Constant – true seeing 
At will – chaos hammer (DC 19), confusion (DC 19), dispel magic, mirror image, reverse gravity (DC 
22), greater teleport (self plus 50 lbs. of objects only), veil (self only), unholy blight 
1/day – power word stun, summon (level 4, 1 glabrezu 20% or 1d2 vrocks 50%) 
1/month – wish (granted to a mortal humanoid only) 
STATISTICS 
Str 31, Dex 11, Con 39, Int 16, Wis 8, Cha 20 
Base Atk +12; CMB +24; CMD 34 
Feats Cleave, DiehardB, Endurance
B, Great Cleave, Great Fortitude
B, Improved Critical (pincer), Persuasive, 
Power Attack, Toughness
B, Vital Strike 
Skills Bluff +28, Diplomacy +22, Intimidate +30, Knowledge (history) +18, Knowledge (local) +18, Perception 
+21, Sense Motive +14, Stealth +7, Use Magic Device +17; Racial Modifiers +8 Bluff, +8 Intimidate, 
+8 Perception 
Gear none; apparent gear is nonfunctional 
Encumbrance light 2,448 lb., medium 4,896 lb., heavy 7,360 lb.; Weight Carried 0 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Agonized Wail (Su) As a standard action, a broken soul can emit an agonized wail that inspires terror in those 
who hear it. All creatures within 120 feet must succeed at a Will save or become shaken for as long as 
they remain within 120 feet of the broken soul. A successful save renders a creature immune to that 
broken soul’s agonized wail for 24 hours. This is a sonic mind-affecting fear effect. 
Baleful Gaze (Su) Any creature within 60 feet of a broken soul must succeed at a Fortitude save or take 1d4 
points of Strength, Constitution, and Charisma drain. Whatever the result of the saving throw, the 
creature cannot be affected by the same broken soul’s baleful gaze again for 1 minute. 
Torturous Touch (Su) A broken soul can make a touch attack to cause hideous, painful wounds to rip open in 
the target's body. This touch deals 2d6 points of slashing damage and 1d6 points of Dexterity damage, 
and causes the touched creature to fall prone in a fit of convulsions and be dazed for 1d4 rounds. A 
successful Fortitude save negates the Dexterity damage and the convulsive fit. 
   