

Terry Shore 
Male human unchained rogue 11 (roof runner, scout) 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +6; Senses Perception +15 
Languages Dtang, Dwarven, Elven, Erutaki, Gnome, Halfling, Hallit, Hon-
La, Hwan, Iobarian, Kellish, Minatan, Minkaian, Osiriani, Polyglot, 
Shoanti, Skald, Taldane, Tien, Undercommon, Varisian, Varki, 
Vudrani 
DEFENSE 
AC 29, touch 19, flat-footed 23 (+7 armor, +3 deflection, +6 Dex, +3 
natural) 
hp 99 (11 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +16, Will +7 
Defensive Abilities evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares), climb 10 ft. 
Melee +1 menacing cestus +16/+11 (1d4+7/19-20) or 
+1 menacing cestus +14/+9 (1d4+7/19-20) and 
+1 cestus +14 (1d4+4/19-20) with Two-Weapon Fighting 
Ranged mwk sling +14 (1d4) 
Special Attacks debilitating injury, finesse training (cestus, dagger), scout’s charge, skirmisher, sneak attack 
+6d6 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 22 (+6), Con 16 (+3), Int 14 (+2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +8; CMB +8 (+14 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 27 
Feats Combat Expertise, Lunge, Outslug Style (cestus), Outslug Sprint, Outslug Weave, Skill Focus 
(acrobaticsB, climbB), Stealthy, Two-Weapon Fighting, Weapon Finesse
B, Weapon Focus (cestusB)  
Skills Acrobatics +31 (+35 to jump), Climb +20, Escape Artist +24, Knowledge (geography) +19, Knowledge 
(local) +18, Knowledge (nature) +8, Linguistics +16, Perception +15, Sleight of Hand +20, Stealth +24, 
Survival +16 (+18 to avoid becoming lost) 
SQ compression, focused study, rogue’s edge (acrobatics, climb), rogue talents (combat trick, expert 
leaper, ledge walker, light walker, slow reactions, weapon training), traits (nomadic) wayfarer 
Combat Gear sling bullets (10); Other Gear +1 cestus, +1 debilitating cestus, +3 mithral shirt, amulet of 
natural armor +3, belt of the weasel, boots of striding and springing, cloak of resistance +3, 
masterwork sling, ring of protection +3, tender (48pp, 9gp, 9sp) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 20 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Compression (Ex) You can move through an area as small as one-quarter your space without squeezing or one-
eighth your space when squeezing. 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 
Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –4 penalty to AC. The target takes an 
additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –4 penalty on attack rolls. In addition, the target takes an additional 
–2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 

These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 
a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, you can select any one type of 
weapon that can be used with Weapon Finesse (such as rapiers or daggers). Once this choice is made, it 
cannot be changed. Whenever you make a successful melee attack with the selected weapon, you add 
your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the damage roll. If any effect would 
prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you do not add your Dexterity 
modifier. 
Know the Land You gain a +1 trait bonus on Knowledge (nature) and Survival checks, and Survival is a class 
skill for you. 
Ledge Walker (Ex) You can move along narrow, uneven, or slippery surfaces (such as ice) at full speed using 
the Acrobatics skill without penalty. In addition, you are not flat-footed when using Acrobatics to move 
along such surfaces, and retain your Dexterity bonus to AC. 
Light Walker (Ex) You can move at full speed through difficult terrain and can take 5-foot steps into difficult 
terrain. 
Nomadic You gain a +1 trait bonus on Knowledge (geography) and Knowledge (geography) is always a class 
skill for you. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. 
Acrobatics: You can move at normal speed through a threatened square without provoking an attack 
of opportunity by increasing the DC of the check by 5 (instead of by 10). You aren’t denied your 
Dexterity bonus when attempting Acrobatics checks with DCs of 20 or lower. You can attempt an 
Acrobatics check at a –10 penalty and use the result as your CMD against trip maneuvers. You can also 
attempt an Acrobatics check at a –10 penalty in place of a Reflex save to avoid falling. You must choose 
to use this ability before the trip attempt or Reflex save is rolled. With a successful DC 20 Acrobatics 
check, you treat an unintentional fall as 10 feet shorter plus 10 feet for every 10 by which you exceed 
the DC, and treat an intentional fall as 10 feet shorter for every 10 by which you exceed the DC. 
Climb: You are no longer denied your Dexterity bonus when climbing. You gain a natural climb 
speed (but not the +8 racial bonus on Climb checks) of 10 feet, but only on surfaces with a Climb DC of 
20 or lower. 
Roof Running (Ex) Provided you are wearing light or no armor, you can move at full speed while traveling 
across the tops of buildings or similar structures, and take no penalties on any Dexterity-based Skill 
checks or Reflex saves that might be incurred from moving about on a roof. 
Scout’s Charge (Ex) Whenever you make a charge, your attack deals sneak attack damage as if the target were 
flat-footed. Foes with uncanny dodge are immune to this ability. 
Skirmisher (Ex) Whenever you move more than 10 feet in a round and make an attack action, the attack deals 
sneak attack damage as if the target was flat-footed. If you make more than one attack this turn, this 
ability only applies to the first attack. Foes with uncanny dodge are immune to this ability. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 5d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 

Tumbling Descent (Ex) You can use your acrobatics skill to attempt a rapid descent from a rooftop or another 
surface, ricocheting against another surface and then diving through an opening (such as a balcony or 
window) directly below. So long as you have at least two surfaces no farther than 10 feet apart to bounce 
against, you can ricochet your body back from one to the next, descending great distances with a single 
check. The DC is 10 + 5 for every additional 10-foot increment descended beyond the initial 10 feet 
dropped. If you fail, you fall the full distance. 
Wayfarer You gain a +2 racial bonus on Survival checks to avoid becoming lost, Knowledge (geography) 
checks, and Knowledge (local) checks. Whenever you gain a rank in Linguistics, you learn two 
languages rather than one. 