

Thelyn Cabor 
Male grippli wizard 13 (exploiter wizard) 
NG Small humanoid (grippli) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +15 
Languages Boggard, Common, Draconic, Elven, Gnome, Goblin, Grippli, 
Sylvan; Feral Speech 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 14, flat-footed 15 (+4 armor, +3 Dex, +1 size); mage armor 
hp 99 plus false life (13 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +11, Will +14 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), climb 20 ft. 
Melee by weapon +6 
Ranged by weapon +10 
Special Attacks arcane reservoir (9/day, 16 max) 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 14
th; Concentration +22) 
7th  (2/day) – greater teleport, summon monster VII 
6th  (3/day) – beast shape IV, greater heroism, summon monster VI 
5th  (4/day) – cloudkill, hold monster, overland flight, wall of stone 
4th  (6/day) – black tentacles, charm monster, confusion (2), wall of fire, wall of ice 
3
rd  (6/day) – dispel magic, haste, heroism, protection from energy, slow, wind wall 
2nd (6/day) – acid arrow (2), false life, invisibility, mirror image, shatter 
1st  (6/day) – enlarge person, mage armor (2), feather fall, shield (2) 
0  (at will) – detect magic, light, mage hand, prestidigitation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 16 (+3), Con 14 (+2), Int 26 (+8), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +4; CMD 17 
Feats Craft Staff, Craft Wand
B, Craft Wondrous ItemB, Feral Speech*, Forge Ring, Master Alchemist, 
Multimorph*, Scribe ScrollB, Skill Focus (use magic device), Staff-Like Wand* 
Skills Acrobatics +3 (+12 when jumping), Appraise +24, Climb +20 (may take 10), Craft (alchemy) +24, 
Disguise +10, Escape Artist +16, Knowledge (arcana) +24, Knowledge (nature) +24, Perception +15, 
Spellcraft +24, Stealth +30 (+34 in forests or marshes), Use Magic Device +19; Racial Bonuses +4 
Stealth in forests or marshes 
SQ arcanist exploits (dimensional slide 130 ft., potent magic, quick study, spell tinkerer [DC 16]), swamp 
stride, weapon familiarity 
Combat Gear acid (6), alchemical grease (6), alchemist’s fire (6), antiplague (6), antitoxin (6), bloodblocks (6), 
liquid ice (6), soothe syrup (6), staff of swarming insects (10 charges), wand of reach cure serious 
wounds (50 charges, close range), wand of fireball (50 charges), wand of lightning bolt (50 charges), 
wand of magic missile (50 charges); Other Gear blessed book (99 pages remaining) with bookplate of 
recall, boots of striding and springing, cloak of resistance +4, contingency focus, glove of storing 
(contains cure wand), handy haversack, headband of vast intellect +6 (climb, escape artist, stealth), 
lucky platinum coin, orange prism ioun stone, ring of chameleon power, spell component pouch, spring-
loaded wrist sheathes (2, contain fireball and lightning bolt wands), spellbook (full), tender (275gp), 
traveler’s any-tool 
Spellbook all core wizard spells of 6
th-level and lower plus greater teleport and summon monster VII 
Encumbrance light 19 lb. 8 oz., medium 39 lb. 12 oz., heavy 60 lb.; Weight Carried 15 lb. 3 oz. (excluding 
tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Discoveries You have opted to use a variety of arcane discoveries over feats. They are marked in the 
feats section with an asterisk. 

Arcane Reservoir (Su) You have an innate pool of magical energy that you can draw upon to fuel your arcanist 
exploits and enhance your spells. Your arcane reservoir can hold a maximum amount of magical energy 
equal to 3 + your wizard level. Each day, when preparing spells, your arcane reservoir fills with raw 
magical energy, gaining a number of points equal to 3 + ½ your wizard level. Any points you had from 
the previous day are lost. You can also regain these points through the consume spells class feature and 
some arcanist exploits. The arcane reservoir can never hold more points than the maximum amount 
noted above; points gained in excess of this total are lost. Points from the arcanist reservoir are used to 
fuel many of your powers. In addition, you can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir as a free 
action whenever you cast an arcanist spell. If you do, you can choose to increase the caster level by 1 or 
increase the spell’s DC by 1. You can expend no more than 1 point from your reservoir on a given spell 
in this way. 
Contingency If ever targeted or caught in the area of a spell or effect that deals energy damage, you become 
subject to a protection from energy spell against the incoming energy type. This effect comes into effect 
fast enough to prevent some or all of the incoming damage. Effects that cause energy damage, but don’t 
specifically target you (such as deliberately walking into a fire), do not activate this contingency. 
Dimensional Slide (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to create a dimensional crack that 
you can step through to reach another location. This ability is used as part of a move action or withdraw 
action, allowing you to move up to 10 feet per wizard level to any location you can see. This counts as 5 
feet of movement. You can only use this ability once per round. You do not provoke attacks of 
opportunity when moving in this way, but any other movement you attempt as part of your move action 
provokes as normal. 
Feral Speech (Su) You gain the ability to speak with and understand the response of any animal as if using 
speak with animals, though each time you speak to animals, you must decide to communicate with either 
amphibians, birds, fish, mammals, reptiles, or vermin, and can only speak to and understand animals of 
that type. You can make yourself understood as far as your voice carries. This discovery does not 
predispose any animal addressed toward you in any way. 
Multimorph (Su) When you cast a spell of the polymorph subschool on yourself, you may expend 1 minute of 
the spell’s duration as a standard action to assume another form allowed by the spell. You can do this as 
often as you like, subject to the duration of the spell. 
Potent Magic (Su) Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to increase the caster level of a 
spell, the caster level increases by 2 instead of 1. Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane 
reservoir to increase the spell’s DC, it increases by 2 instead of 1. 
Quick Study (Ex) You can prepare a spell in place of an existing spell by expending 1 point from your arcane 
reservoir. Using this ability is a full-round action that provokes an attack of opportunity. You must be 
able to reference your spellbook when using this ability. The spell prepared must be of the same level as 
the spell being replaced. 
Spell Tinkerer (Su) You can alter an existing spell effect by expending 1 point from your arcane reservoir. To 
use this ability, you must be adjacent to the spell effect (or the effect’s target) and be aware of the effect. 
You can choose to increase or decrease the remaining duration of the spell by 50%. This ability can be 
used on unwilling targets, but you must succeed at a melee touch attack, and the target may attempt a 
Will saving throw to negate the effect. This ability cannot be used on a given spell effect more than 
once. This ability has no effect on spells that are instantaneous or have a duration of permanent. 
Staff-Like Wand Similar to using a magic staff, you use your own Intelligence score and relevant feats to set 
the DC for saves against spells you cast from a wand, and you can use your caster level when activating 
the power of a wand if it’s higher than the caster level of the wand. 
Swamp Stride (Ex) You can move through difficult terrain at your normal speed while within a swamp. 
Magically altered terrain affects you normally. 
Weapon Familiarity You are proficient with nets. 