

Valaelas the White 
Male tengu warpriest 12 (cult leader) of Gorum 
CG Medium humanoid (tengu) 
Init +2; Senses low-light vision; Perception +20 
Languages Common, Tengu 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 14, flat-footed 26 (+8 armor, +2 deflection, +2 Dex, +2 natural, 
+2 shield) 
hp 86 (12 HD) 
Fort +13, Ref +10, Will +15 
Defensive Abilities endure elements (cold) 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee bite +18 (1d10+10), gore +18 (1d10+10), and 2 claws +18 (1d10+10 
plus 1d6 acid) 
Ranged +1 composite shortbow +12/+7 (1d6+7/×3) 
Special Attacks fervor 4d6 (9/day), sneak attack +5d6 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 12th; Concentration +15) 
At-will – enthrall (uses 2 fervor) 
Warpriest Spells Known (CL 12
th; Concentration +15) 
4th  (3/day) – divine power (3) 
3rd  (5/day) – communal resist energy, dispel magic (2), invisibility purge, prayer 
2
nd (6/day) – shield other
F (2), silence (2), spiritual weapon, status 
1st  (6/day) – divine favor (3), stone shield
ARG (3) 
0  (at will) – create water, guidance, light, mending, read magic 
Blessings strength, war 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 22 (+6), Dex 14 (+2), Con 12 (+1), Int 10 (+0), Wis 16 (+3), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +13; CMD 27 
Feats Accomplished Sneak Attacker, Weapon Focus (bite, claw, gore), Weapon Specialization (bite, claw, 
gore) 
Skills Diplomacy +17, Disguise +4 (+14 with hat of disguise), Fly +8, Intimidate +17, Knowledge (religion) 
+9, Perception +20, Stealth +21; Racial Bonuses +2 Perception, +2 Stealth 
SQ aura of chaos (overwhelming), claw attack, glide, sacred armor +2 (12 minutes/day), sacred weapon 
+3 (12 rounds/day), spontaneous casting (cure spells), traits (armor expert, fate’s favored) 
Combat Gear durable arrows (20), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear +1 adaptive 
composite shortbow, +2 mithral breastplate, amulet of mighty fists +2 (doubles as an amulet of natural 
armor +2), belt of giant strength +4, cloak of resistance +4, deliquescent gloves, helm of the mammoth 
lord (doubles as a hat of disguise), ring of force shield, ring of protection +2, tender (30gp) 
Encumbrance light 43 lb., medium 86 lb., heavy 130 lb.; Weight Carried 41 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Armor Expert When you wear armor of any sort, reduce that suit’s armor check penalty by 1, to a minimum 
check penalty of 0. 
Battle Lust (Su) You can touch an ally and grant it a thirst for battle. All of the ally’s melee attacks are treated 
as if they had the vicious weapon special ability, but the additional damage dealt to the ally from that 
special ability is nonlethal. In addition, the ally receives a +4 insight bonus on attack rolls made to 
confirm critical hits. These benefits last for 1 minute. 
Blessings (Su) You can use any combination of your four blessing abilities (battle lust, strength of will, strength 
surge, and war mind) a number of times per day (in any combination) equal to 3 + ½ your warpriest 
level (to a maximum of 13 times per day at 20th-level). Each time you call upon any one of your 

blessings, it counts against your daily limit. The save DC of these blessings is equal to 10 + ½ your 
warpriest level + your Wisdom modifier. 
Enthrall (Sp) You can cast enthrall. Using this ability consumes two uses of fervor. 
Fate’s Favored Whenever you are under the effect of a luck bonus of any kind, that bonus increases by 1. 
Fervor (Su) You can heal yourself for 4d6 damage as a swift action. As a standard action, you can heal a 
touched ally for 4d6 damage or harm an undead for 4d6 damage as a touch attack. This ability can be 
used a number of times per day equal to ½ your warpriest level + your Wisdom modifier. 
You can also spend fervor to cast any warpriest spell as a swift action, without somatic components 
or provoking an attack of opportunity. If you cast a spell in this way, it can only affect you, even if it 
normally affects multiple targets. 
Glide You can make a DC 15 Fly check to fall safely from any height without taking falling damage, as if using 
feather fall. When falling safely, you may make an additional DC 15 Fly check to glide, moving 5 feet 
laterally for every 20 feet you fall. 
Hide in Plain Sight (Su) You can use the Stealth skill even while being observed. As long as you are within 10 
feet of an area of dim light, you can hide yourself from view in the open without having anything to 
actually hide behind. You cannot, however, hide in your own shadow. 
Sacred Armor (Su) You may enhance your armor (but not shields) with divine power as a swift action. This 
ability grants the armor a +2 enhancement bonus. You can use this ability for a number of minutes per 
day equal to your warpriest level. This duration does not need to be consecutive, but it must be spent in 
1-minute increments. 
These bonuses stack with any existing bonuses the armor might have, to a maximum of +5. You can 
enhance armor with any of the following special abilities: energy resistance (normal, improved, and 
greater), fortification (heavy, light, or moderate), glamered, or spell resistance (13, 15, 17, or 19). 
Adding any of these special abilities consumes an amount of enhancement bonus equal to the special 
ability’s base price modifier. For this purpose, glamered counts as a +1 bonus, energy resistance counts 
as +2, improved energy resistance counts as +4, and greater energy resistance counts as +5. Duplicate 
special abilities do not stack. The armor must have at least a +1 enhancement bonus before any special 
abilities can be added. 
The enhancement bonus and armor special abilities are determined the first time the ability is used 
each day and cannot be changed until the next day. These benefits apply only while you are wearing the 
armor, and end immediately if the armor is removed or leaves your possession. This ability can be ended 
as a free action at the start of your turn. 
When you use this ability, you can also use your sacred weapon ability as a free action by expending 
one use of fervor. 
Sacred Weapon (Su) In addition to the favored weapon of your deity (greatsword), you can designate a 
weapon as a sacred weapon by selecting that weapon with the Weapon Focus feat; if you have multiple 
Weapon Focus feats, this ability applies to all of them. Whenever you hit with your sacred weapon, the 
weapon damage is based on your warpriest level and not the weapon type. You can decide to use the 
weapon’s base damage instead of the sacred weapon damage—this decision must be declared before the 
attack roll is made. (If the weapon’s base damage exceeds the sacred weapon damage, its damage is 
unchanged.) This increase in damage does not affect any other aspect of the weapon, and doesn’t apply 
to alchemical items, bombs, or other weapons that deal only energy damage. 
You also gain the ability to enhance one of your sacred weapons with divine power as a swift action. 
This ability grants the weapon a +1 enhancement bonus. For every 4 warpriest levels beyond 4th, this 
bonus increases by 1 (to a maximum of +5 at 20th-level). If you have more than one sacred weapon, you 
can enhance another on the following round by using another swift action. You can use this ability a 
number of rounds per day equal to your warpriest level, but these rounds don’t need to be consecutive. 
These bonuses stack with any existing bonuses the weapon might have, to a maximum of +5. You 
can enhance a weapon to have any of the following special abilities: anarchic, brilliant energy, 
defending, disruption, flaming, frost, keen, mighty cleaving, shock, unholy, or vicious. Adding any of 
these special abilities consumes an amount of enhancement bonus equal to the special ability’s base 

price modifier. Duplicate special abilities don’t stack. The weapon must have at least a +1 enhancement 
bonus before any special abilities can be added. 
If multiple weapons are enhanced, each one consumes rounds of use individually. The enhancement 
bonus and special abilities are determined the first time the ability is used each day, and cannot be 
changed until the next day. These benefits do not apply if another creature is wielding the weapon, but 
they continue to be in effect if the weapon otherwise leaves your possession (such as if the weapon is 
thrown). This ability can be ended as a free action at the start of your turn (that round does not count 
against the total duration, unless the ability is resumed during the same round). If you use this ability on 
a double weapon, the effects apply to only one end of the weapon. 
Strength of Will (Su) As a swift action you can ignore the movement penalties caused by wearing medium or 
heavy armor or by carrying a medium or heavy load. This effect lasts for 1 minute. During this time, you 
can add your Strength modifier on saving throws against effects that would cause you to become 
entangled, staggered, or paralyzed. 
Strength Surge (Su) As a swift action you can focus your own strength. You gain an enhancement bonus equal 
to ½ your warpriest level on melee attack rolls, combat maneuver checks that rely on Strength, Strength-
based skill checks, and Strength checks for 1 round. 
War Mind (Su) You can touch an ally and grant it a tactical advantage for 1 minute. Each round at the start of 
its turn, it can select one of the following bonuses: +10 feet to base land speed, a +1 dodge bonus to AC, 
a +1 insight bonus on attack rolls, or a +1 luck bonus on saving throws. Each bonus selected lasts for 1 
round. 
Well-Hidden (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on Disguise checks and Stealth checks. 