

Valaelas the Black 
Male tengu barbarian 1/alchemist 4 (preservationist, vivisectionist) 
CN Medium humanoid (tengu) 
Init +3; Senses carrion sense, low-light vision; Perception +9 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Tengu 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 14, flat-footed 22 (+8 armor, +3 Dex, +1 dodge, +4 natural); 
barkskin, mutagen 
hp 48 (5 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +7, Will +0 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares); 40 ft. when unencumbered 
Melee bite +10 (1d3+6) and 
2 claws +10 (1d3+6) or 
tongue +5 (1d4+3 plus grab) or 
bite +12 (1d3+8) and 
2 claws +12 (1d3+8) when raging 
tongue +7 (1d4+4 plus grab) when raging 
Ranged splash weapon +8 touch (1d6+3 energy, 4 splash) 
Special Attacks bleeding attack, claw attack, rage (6 rounds/day), sneak attack +2d6 plus 2 
bleed, throw anything +3 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 4th) 
2nd (2/day) – sickening strikesARG (DC 15), vomit swarm 
1st  (4/day) – enlarge person, shield, true strike, [open slot] 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 22* (+6), Dex 16 (+3), Con 14 (+2), Int 16 (+3), Wis 9 (–1), Cha 7 (–2); feral mutagen 
Base Atk +4; CMB +10 (includes mutagen bonus); CMD 24 (mutagen bonus included) 
Feats Brew PotionB, Deflect Arrows, Dodge, Snatch Arrows, Throw Anything
B 
Skills Acrobatics +8 (+10 to jump), Craft (alchemy) +15, Disable Device +8, Heal +14 (+17 with medical 
tools), Knowledge (nature) +11, Perception +9, Sleight of Hand +8, Stealth +7; Armor Check Penalty 
–3 (–1 with climb and jump checks); Racial Bonuses +2 Perception, +2 Stealth 
SQ alchemy +4, mutagen (40 minutes, DC 15), swift alchemy 
Combat Gear acid (12), alchemical grease (6), alchemical solvent (6), alchemist’s fire (12), antiplague (6), 
antitoxin (6), liquid ice (12), oil (20 pints), potions (barkskin 2, enlarge person 2, in wrist sheathes), 
smokesticks (12), soothe syrup (6), sunrods (12), tanglefoot bags (6), thunderstones (12), tindertwigs 
(12); Other Gear +2 agile breastplate, alchemist’s kit, bandoliers (2), belt of giant strength +2, belt 
pouches (2), doctor’s mask, doctor’s outfit, formula book (86 pages left), healer’s kit (10 uses 
remaining), masterwork backpack, pickpocket’s outfit, pocketed scarf, poisoned sand tube (concealed in 
wrist sheathe, DC 39 to find; loaded with oil of taggit poison), poison pill ring (worth 30gp), spring-
loaded wrist sheathes (3), stretcher, surgeon’s tools, tender (21gp), thieves’ tools 
Formula Book 2nd-level—barkskin, sickening strikesARG, vomit swarmAPG; 1st-level—cure light wounds, death 
watch
B, enlarge person, expeditious retreat, jump, shield, summon nature’s ally I
B, touch of the seaAPG, 
true strike 
Encumbrance light 116 lb., medium 233 lb., heavy 350 lb.; Weight Carried 203 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
* Includes +4 alchemical bonus for Strength-increasing mutagen. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alchemy (Su) When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal to 
your alchemist class level on the Craft (alchemy) check (included above). In addition, you can use Craft 
(alchemy) to identify potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to make 
such a check. You are also capable of creating bombs, extracts, and mutagens (see below). 

Bleeding Attack (Ex) You can cause living opponents to bleed by hitting them with a sneak attack. This attack 
causes the target to take 1 additional point of damage each round for each die of your sneak attack (e.g., 
4d6 equals 4 points of bleed). Bleeding creatures take that amount of damage every round at the start of 
each of their turns. The bleeding can be stopped by a DC 15 Heal check or the application of any effect 
that heals hit point damage. Bleeding damage from this ability does not stack with itself. Bleeding 
damage bypasses any damage reduction the creature might possess. 
Bottled Ally I You add Handle Animal to your list of class skills. You also add summon nature’s ally I to your 
formula book as a 1st-level extract. When you prepare this extract, you actually prepare a tiny, preserved 
specimen in a bottle (as with a caster casting the spell, you don’t have to choose the creature until you 
use the extract). When you open the bottle, the specimen animates and grows to normal size, serving you 
as per the spell and otherwise being treated as a summoned creature. When the duration expires, the 
preserved creature decays into powder. If you have the infusion discovery, another character can use the 
infused specimen. The Augment Summoning feat can be applied to these specimens. 
Carrion Sense You can detect approaching enemies, sniff out hidden foes, and track by sense of smell. You 
can identify familiar odors just as humans do familiar sights. You can detect opponents within 30 feet by 
sense of smell. If the opponent is upwind, the range increases to 60 feet; if downwind, it drops to 15 feet. 
Strong scents, such as smoke or rotting garbage, can be detected at twice the ranges noted above. 
Overpowering scents, such as skunk musk or troglodyte stench, can be detected at triple normal range. 
When you detect a scent, the exact location of the source is not revealed—only its presence somewhere 
within range. You can take a move action to note the direction of the scent. When you are within 5 feet 
of the source, you pinpoint the source’s location. You can follow tracks by smell, making a Wisdom (or 
Survival) check to find or follow a track. The typical DC for a fresh trail is 10 (no matter what kind of 
surface holds the scent). This DC increases or decreases depending on how strong the quarry’s odor is, 
the number of creatures, and the age of the trail. For each hour that the trail is cold, the DC increases by 
2. The ability otherwise follows the rules for the Survival skill. You ignore the effects of surface 
conditions and poor visibility when tracking by scent. However, your scent ability is limited and only 
functions for corpses and badly wounded creatures with 50% or fewer hit points. 
Cruel Anatomist You may use your Knowledge (nature) skill bonus in place of your Heal skill bonus. 
Extracts (Su) You may create and use extracts, essentially spells in the form a drinkable liquid. For the most 
part, extracts follow the rules of both potions and spells. 
Fast Movement (Ex) Your land speed is faster than the norm for your race by +10 feet. This benefit applies 
only when you are wearing no armor, light armor, or medium armor, and not carrying a heavy load. 
Apply this bonus before modifying your speed because of any load carried or armor worn. This bonus 
stacks with any other bonuses to your land speed. 
Mutagen (Su) You can create a mutagen that you can imbibe in order to heighten your physical prowess at the 
cost of your personality. It takes 1 hour to brew a dose of mutagen, and once brewed, it remains potent 
until used. You can only maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any 
existing mutagen becomes inert. As with an extract or bomb, a mutagen that is not in an alchemist’s 
possession becomes inert until an alchemist picks it up again. When you brew a mutagen, you select one 
physical ability score—either Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution. It’s a standard action to drink a 
mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen causes you to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you a 
+2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical bonus to the selected ability score for 10 minutes per 
alchemist level. In addition, while the mutagen is in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your mental 
ability scores. If the mutagen enhances your Strength, it applies a penalty to your Intelligence. If it 
enhances your Dexterity, it applies a penalty to your Wisdom. If it enhances your Constitution, it applies 
a penalty to your Charisma. A non-alchemist who drinks a mutagen must make a Fortitude save (DC 10 
+ ½ your alchemist level + your Intelligence modifier) or become nauseated for 1 hour—a non-
alchemist can never gain the benefit of a mutagen, but an alchemist can gain the effects of another 
alchemist’s mutagen if he drinks it. (Although if the other alchemist creates a different mutagen, the 
effects of the “stolen” mutagen immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever 
you drink a mutagen, the effects of any previous mutagen immediately end. 

Rage (Ex) You can rage for 6 rounds per day. Temporary increases to Constitution, such as those gained from 
rage and spells like bear’s endurance, do not increase the total number of rounds that you can rage per 
day. Entering a rage is a free action. The total number of rounds of rage per day is renewed after resting 
for 8 hours, although these hours do not need to be consecutive. While in rage, you gain a +4 morale 
bonus to your Strength and Constitution, as well as a +2 morale bonus on Will saves. In addition, you 
take a –2 penalty to Armor Class. The increase to Constitution grants you 2 hit points per Hit Dice, but 
these disappear when the rage ends and are not lost first like temporary hit points. While in rage, you 
cannot use any Charisma-, Dexterity-, or Intelligence-based skills (except Acrobatics, Fly, Intimidate, 
and Ride) or any ability that requires patience or concentration. You can end your rage as a free action 
and are fatigued after rage for a number of rounds equal to 2 times the number of rounds spent in the 
rage. You cannot enter a new rage while fatigued or exhausted but can otherwise enter rage multiple 
times during a single encounter or combat. If you fall unconscious, your rage immediately ends, placing 
you in peril of death. 
Sneak Attack If you can catch an opponent when he is unable to defend himself effectively from your attack, 
you can strike a vital spot for extra damage. Your attack deals extra damage (as shown above) any time 
your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus 
or not), or when you flank your target. Should you score a critical hit with a sneak attack, this extra 
damage is not multiplied. Ranged attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. 
With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (like a sap, whip, or an unarmed strike), you can make a 
sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals 
lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack, not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must 
be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You 
cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with concealment. 
Swift Alchemy (Ex) You can create alchemical items with astounding speed. It takes you half the normal 
amount of time to create alchemical items. 
Throw Anything (Ex) You gain the Throw Anything feat as a bonus feat and you add your Intelligence 
modifier to damage done with splash weapons, including the splash damage if any. 
Tongue (Ex) You have a prehensile, arm-length tongue. The tongue is fully under your control and cannot be 
easily concealed. Your tongue does not give you any extra attacks or actions per round, though you can 
use it to make a tentacle attack (1d4 damage for a Medium size) with the grab ability. The tentacle can 
manipulate or hold items as well as your original arms can (for example, allowing you to use one hand 
to wield a weapon, the tentacle to hold a potion, and the third hand to throw a bomb). Unlike an arm, 
your tongue has no magic item slots. This ability is identical in every way to the tentacle alchemist 
discovery but in name and description. 
Torturer’s Eye You add deathwatch to your formula book as a 1st-level extract. 
 