

Vicroar Sesnaben 
Male venerable half-elf summoner 10 
CN Medium humanoid (elf, human) 
Init +1; Senses low-light vision; Perception +2 
Languages Abyssal, Common, Elven, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 24, touch 15, flat-footed 23 (+4 armor, +3 deflection, +1 Dex, +1 insight, +2 
natural, +3 shield); mage armor 
hp 82 (10 HD) 
Fort +5, Ref +4, Will +7; +2 vs. enchantment 
Defensive Abilities shield ally; Immune magical sleep 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 harpoon +15 (1d8+11/×3) and 2 tentacles +9 (1d4+3) 
Ranged +1 harpoon +9 (1d8+11/×3) 
Special Attacks summon monster V 
Summoner Spell-like Abilities (CL 10
th; Concentration +16) 
9/day – summon monster V (one casting at a time, usable only without eidolon, 10 minute duration) 
Summoner Spells Known (CL 10
th; Concentration +16) 
4th  (2/day) – baleful polymorph, greater evolution surge
APG 
3rd  (4/day) – black tentacles, dimension door, dispel magic, heroism 
2nd (6/day) – alter self, barkskin, bull’s strength, resist energy, summon eidolon 
1st  (7/day) – enlarge person, mage armor, reduce person, shield, unfetterAPG 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, guidance, light, mage hand, message 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 24 (+7), Dex 13 (+1), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 23 (+6) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +14 (+15 with harpoon, +17 with grapple); CMD 28 (31 vs. grapple) 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Dirty Fighting, Exotic Weapon Proficiency (harpoon
B), Extra Evolution (2), 
Improved Grapple 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +15, Knowledge (arcana) +15, Knowledge (planes) +15, Perception +2, Spellcraft +15; 
Racial Modifiers +2 Perception 
SQ ancestral arms (harpoon), arcane training, aspect (tentacles ×2), bond senses (10 rounds/day), elf blood, 
eidolon, life link, maker’s call (2/day) 
Gear +1 harpoon, +2 mithral buckler, amulet of natural armor +2, armbands of the brawler, belt of giant 
strength +4, headband of alluring charisma +4, ioun stones (dusty rose prism, nacreous gray sphere; 
both imbedded), ring of protection +3, tender (2,390gp), tentacle cloak 
Encumbrance light 133 lb., medium 266 lb., heavy 400 lb.; Weight Carried 22 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Ancestral Arms You are proficient in the harpoon. 
Arcane Training You can use spell trigger and spell completion items for your favored class (summoner) as if 
1 level higher. 
Aspect (Su) You can divert up to 2 points from your eidolon’s evolution pool to add evolutions to yourself. 
You cannot select any evolution that the eidolon could not possess, and you must be able to meet the 
requirements as well. You cannot select the ability increase evolution through this ability. Any points 
spent in this way are taken from the eidolon’s evolution pool (reducing the total number available to the 
eidolon). You can change the evolutions you receive from these points any time you can change the 
eidolon’s evolutions. 
Bond Senses (Su) You can, as a standard action, share the senses of your eidolon, hearing, seeing, smelling, 
tasting, and touching everything the eidolon does. You can use this ability for up to 10 rounds each day. 

There is no range to this effect, but you and your eidolon must be on the same plane. You may end the 
effect as a free action. 
Eidolon You possess the ability to summon to your side a powerful outsider called an eidolon. The eidolon 
forms a link with you. Forever after you summon an aspect of the same creature. An eidolon has the 
same alignment as you and can speak all of your languages. Eidolons are treated as summoned creatures, 
except that they are not sent back to their home plane until reduced to a number of negative hit points 
equal to or greater than their Constitution score. In addition, due to its tie to you, your eidolon can touch 
and attack creatures warded by protection from evil and similar effects that prevent contact with 
summoned creatures. You can summon your eidolon in a ritual that takes 1 minute to perform. When 
summoned in this way, the eidolon’s hit points are unchanged from the last time it was summoned. The 
only exception to this is if the eidolon was slain, in which case it returns with half its normal hit points. 
The eidolon does not heal naturally. The eidolon remains until dismissed by you (a standard action). If 
the eidolon is sent back to its home plane due to death, it cannot be summoned again until the following 
day. The eidolon cannot be sent back to its home plane by means of dispel magic, but spells such as 
dismissal and banishment work normally. If you are unconscious, asleep, or killed, your eidolon is 
immediately banished. 
Life Link (Su) Whenever your eidolon takes enough damage to send it back to its home plane, you can, as a 
free action, sacrifice any number of hit points. Each hit point sacrificed in this way prevents 1 point of 
damage done to the eidolon. This can prevent the eidolon from being sent back to its home plane. In 
addition, you and the eidolon must remain within 100 feet of one another for the eidolon to remain at 
full strength. If the eidolon is beyond 100 feet but closer than 1,000 feet, its current and maximum hit 
point totals are reduced by 50%. If the eidolon is more than 1,000 feet away but closer than 10,000 feet, 
its current and maximum hit point totals are reduced by 75%. If the eidolon is more than 10,000 feet 
away, it is immediately returned to its home plane. Current hit points lost in this way are not restored 
when the eidolon gets closer to you, but its maximum hit point total does return to normal. 
Maker’s Call (Su) As a standard action, you can call your eidolon to your side. This functions as dimension 
door, using your summoner caster level. When used, the eidolon appears adjacent to you (or as close as 
possible if all adjacent spaces are occupied). If the eidolon is out of range, the ability is wasted. You can 
use this ability twice per day. 
Shield Ally (Ex) Whenever you are within your eidolon’s reach, you gain a +2 shield bonus to your Armor 
Class and a +2 circumstance bonus on your saving throws. This bonus does not apply if your eidolon is 
grappled, helpless, paralyzed, stunned, or unconscious. 
Transposition (Su) You can use your maker’s call ability to swap locations with your eidolon. If it is larger 
than you, you may appear in any square occupied by your eidolon. The eidolon must occupy the square 
that was occupied by you if able, or as close as possible if it is not able. 
   

Chaerim Witch 
Biped Eidolon 
CN Large outsider 
Init +2; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +11 
Languages as summoner 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 11, flat-footed 29 (+4 armor, +2 Dex, +16 natural, –1 size); 
mage armor 
hp 84 (8 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +4, Will +6; +4 vs. enchantment 
Defensive Abilities devotion, evasion; SR 21 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), climb 30 ft. 
Melee 2 claws +17 (1d6+10) and 3 tentacles +15 (1d6+5 plus grab) 
Ranged improvised boulder +6 (1d8+10) 
Space 10 ft.; Reach 10 ft. (15 ft. with one tentacle) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 30 (+10), Dex 14 (+2), Con 17 (+3), Int 7 (–2), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 11 (+0) 
Base Atk +8; CMB +19 (+25 grapple); CMD 31 (33 vs. grapple) 
Skills Climb +29, Heal +11, Perception +11, Stealth –2, Swim +21 
Feats Body Shield, Combat Reflexes (3 AoO/round), Improved Grapple, Improved Unarmed Strike, 
MultiattackB 
SQ evolutions, link, multiattack, share spells 
Combat Gear 50-lb. boulders (5); Possessions healer’s kit 
Encumbrance light 1,064 lb., medium 2,128 lb., heavy 3,200 lb.; Weight Carried 251 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Devotion (Ex) Your eidolon receives a +4 morale bonus on Will saves versus enchantment spells and effects. 
Evolutions climb, clawsF (2), grab (tentacles), limbs (arms
F, legsF), magic attacks, reach (tentacle), size (large), 
spell resistance, tentacles (3) 
Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half damage, your 
eidolon takes no damage if she makes a successful saving throw. 
Link You and your eidolon share a mental link that allows for communication across any distance (as long as 
you are on the same plane). This communication is a free action, allowing you to give orders to your 
eidolon at any time. What’s more, magic items interfere with this link, so that you and your eidolon 
must share magic item slots. When both you and the eidolon are wearing a magic item in the same slot, 
your magic item continues to function while the eidolon’s becomes dormant. An eidolon must still have 
the appropriate magical item slot in order to be able to use a given magic item. 
Share Spells (Ex) You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your eidolon (as a spell with a range of 
touch) instead of on yourself. You may cast spells on your eidolon even if the spells normally do not 
affect creatures of the eidolon’s type (outsider). Spells cast in this way must come from the summoner 
spell list. This ability does not allow your eidolon to share abilities that are not spells, even if they 
function like spells. 