

Vicroar Sesnaben 
Male venerable half-elf summoner 10 (blood summoner) 
CE Medium humanoid (elf, human) 
Init +1; Senses low-light vision; Perception +2 
Languages Abyssal, Common, Elven, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 28, touch 15, flat-footed 27 (+4 armor, +3 deflection, +1 Dex, +1 insight, +6 
natural, +3 shield); mage armor 
hp 82 (10 HD) 
Fort +6, Ref +5, Will +8; +2 vs. enchantment 
Immune magical sleep 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 harpoon +15 (1d8+11/×3) and 2 tentacles +9 (1d4+3) 
Ranged +1 harpoon +9 (1d8+11/×3) 
Special Attacks blood travel (DC 21), summon monster V 
Summoner Spell-like Abilities (CL 10th; Concentration +16) 
9/day – summon monster V (one casting at a time, usable only without eidolon, 10 minute duration) 
Summoner Spells Known (CL 10th; Concentration +16) 
4th  (2/day) – black tentacles, greater evolution surgeAPG 
3rd  (4/day) – contact entity IIHA, dispel magic, rejuvenate eidolonAPG, heroism 
2nd (6/day) – alter self, barkskin, bull’s strength, resist energy, summon eidolon 
1st  (7/day) – enlarge person, mage armor, reduce person, shield, unfetter
APG 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, guidance, light, mage hand, message 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 24 (+7), Dex 13 (+1), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 23 (+6) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +14 (+15 with harpoon, +17 with grapple); CMD 28 (31 vs. grapple) 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Dirty Fighting, Exotic Weapons Proficiency (harpoonB), Extra Evolution (2), 
Improved Grapple 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +15, Knowledge (arcana, planes) +15, Perception +2, Spellcraft +15; Racial Modifiers 
+2 Perception 
SQ ancestral arms (harpoon), arcane training, aspect (improved natural armor ×2), blood offering, bond senses 
(10 rounds/day), elf blood, eidolon, fiendish calling, life link, maker’s call (2/day) 
Combat Gear wands of lesser rejuvenate eidolon (2, 50 charges each); Other Gear +1 harpoon, +2 mithral 
buckler, amulet of natural armor +2, armbands of the brawler, belt of giant strength +4, headband of 
alluring charisma +4, ioun stones (dusty rose prism, nacreous gray sphere; both imbedded), ring of 
protection +3, tender (140gp), tentacle cloak (doubles as a cloak of resistance +1) 
Encumbrance light 133 lb., medium 266 lb., heavy 400 lb.; Weight Carried 22 lb. 10 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Ancestral Arms You are proficient in the harpoon. 
Arcane Training You can use spell trigger and spell completion items for your favored class as if 1 level 
higher. 
Aspect (Su) You can divert up to 2 points from your eidolon’s evolution pool to add evolutions to yourself. 
You cannot select any evolution that your eidolon could not possess, and you must be able to meet the 
requirements as well (except for subtype requirements, so long as your eidolon meets the subtype 
requirement). You cannot select the ability increase evolution through this ability. Any points spent in 
this way are taken from your eidolon’s evolution pool (reducing the total number available to your 
eidolon). You can change the evolutions granted by these points anytime you can change your eidolon’s 
evolutions. 

Blood Offering (Su) You can sacrifice a flask of blood, extracted up to 1 day ago from a living creature or a 
corpse that’s been dead no longer than 1 minute, to aid and appease an evil outsider within 30 feet as a 
standard action. This blood can be extracted from a willing or helpless creature as a full-round action 
that deals 1 point of Constitution damage. The offering grants the outsider a +2 enhancement bonus to 
the ability score of you choice and grants you a +4 circumstance bonus on Diplomacy checks and 
Charisma checks to bargain with it. The bonuses last for 10 minutes. The offering cannot be made to the 
same fiend twice in the same day. 
Blood Travel (Su) You can use your maker’s call ability to allow your eidolon to travel through the blood of 
other creatures. Your eidolon can either emerge from the blood of a living creature within range that has 
fewer than its maximum hit points remaining, or burst from the corpse of a Small or larger creature 
within range that has been dead for no longer than 1 minute. If your eidolon emerges from an injured 
creature, that creature takes 4d6 points of damage, which is halved if the creature succeeds at a Fortitude 
save (DC = 10 + ½ your summoner’s level + your Charisma modifier). The eidolon appears in its choice 
of the nearest unoccupied square to the creature or corpse it emerged from, and is staggered for 1 round. 
Bond Senses (Su) You can, as a standard action, share the senses of your eidolon, hearing, seeing, smelling, 
tasting, and touching everything your eidolon does. You can use this ability a number of rounds per day 
equal to your summoner level. There is no maximum range to this effect, but you and your eidolon must 
be on the same plane. You can end this effect as a free action. 
Eidolon You can summon to your side a powerful outsider called an eidolon. The eidolon forms a link with 
you, who forever after summons an aspect of the same creature. Your eidolon must have an alignment 
within one step of your own and can speak all your languages. Your eidolon is treated as a summoned 
creature, except it is not sent back to its home plane until reduced to a number of negative hit points 
equal to or greater than its Constitution score. In addition, due to its tie to you, your eidolon can touch 
and attack creatures warded by protection from evil and similar effects that prevent contact with 
summoned creatures. 
Summoning your eidolon requires a ritual that takes 1 minute to perform. When summoned in this 
way, your eidolon’s hit points are unchanged from the last time it was summoned. The only exception to 
this is if your eidolon was slain, in which case it returns with half its normal hit points. Eidolons do not 
heal naturally. Your eidolon remains until dismissed by you as standard action. If your eidolon is sent 
back to its home plane due to death, it cannot be summoned again until the following day. Your eidolon 
cannot be sent back to its home plane by means of dispel magic, but spells such as dismissal and 
banishment function normally. If you are unconscious, asleep, or killed, your eidolon is immediately 
banished. 
Your eidolon bears a glowing rune that is identical to a rune that appears on your forehead as long as 
your eidolon is summoned. While this rune can be hidden through mundane means, it cannot be 
concealed through magic that changes appearance, such as alter self or polymorph (although invisibility 
does conceal it as long as the spell lasts). 
Fiendish Calling (Su) Your summon monster ability can additionally be used as lesser planar binding as a 
standard action, but only to call evil outsiders. 
Life Link (Su) Whenever your eidolon takes enough damage to send it back to its home plane, as a reaction to 
the damage, you can sacrifice any number of hit points you have without using an action. Each hit point 
sacrificed in this way prevents 1 point of damage dealt to your eidolon. This can prevent your eidolon 
from being sent back to its home plane. 
In addition, you and your eidolon must remain within 100 feet of one another for your eidolon to 
remain at full strength. If your eidolon is beyond 100 feet but closer than 1,000 feet, its current and 
maximum hit point totals are reduced by 50%. If your eidolon is more than 1,000 feet away but closer 
than 10,000 feet, its current and maximum hit point totals are reduced by 75%. If your eidolon is more 
than 10,000 feet away, it is immediately returned to its home plane. Current hit points lost in this way 
are not restored when your eidolon gets closer to you, but its maximum hit point total does climb to the 
levels indicated and eventually returns to normal. 
Maker’s Call (Su) As a standard action, you can call your eidolon to your side. This functions as dimension 
door, using your summoner caster level. When this ability is used, your eidolon appears adjacent to you 

(or as close as possible if all adjacent spaces are occupied). If your eidolon is out of range, the ability is 
wasted. You can use this ability twice per day. 
Summon Monster V (Sp) You can cast summon monster V as a spell-like ability a number of times per day 
equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. Drawing on this ability uses up the same power that you use to call 
your eidolon. Thus, you can use this ability only when your eidolon is not summoned. You can cast this 
spell as a standard action, and the creatures remain for 1 minute per level (instead of 1 round per level). 
You cannot have more than one summon monster spell active in this way at one time. If this ability is 
used again, any existing summon monster from this spell-like ability immediately ends. These summon 
spells are part of your spell list for the purposes of spell trigger and spell completion items. In addition, 
you can expend uses of this ability to fulfill the construction requirements of any magic item you create, 
so long as you can use this ability to cast the required spell. 
 
Chaerim Witch 
Aberrant Eidolon 
CE Large outsider (aberrant) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +11 
Languages as summoner 
DEFENSE 
AC 28, touch 12, flat-footed 25 (+4 armor, +3 Dex, +12 natural, –1 size); 
mage armor 
hp 92 (8 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +5, Will +6 
Defensive Abilities evasion; Immunities mind-affecting effects 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), swim 20 ft. 
Melee tentacle mass +12 (1d8+5 plus grab), bite +12 (1d8+5), 2 claws +12 
(1d6+5), tentacle +10 (1d6+2) 
Ranged improvised boulder +6 (1d8+5) 
Space 10 ft.; Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with tentacle mass) 
Special Attacks constrict (1d8+5) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 20 (+5), Dex 16 (+3), Con 18 (+4), Int 8 (–1), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 11 (+0) 
Base Atk +8; CMB +14 (+20 grapple); CMD 24 (26 vs. grapple) 
Skills Bluff +11, Knowledge (planes) +10, Perception +11, Stealth +10, Sense Motive +11 
Feats Body Shield, Combat Reflexes, Dirty Fighting, Improved Grapple, MultiattackB 
SQ evolutions, link, multiattack, share spells 
Combat Gear 50-lb. boulders (5); Possessions healer’s kit 
Encumbrance light 399 lb., medium 798 lb., heavy 1,200 lb.; Weight Carried 251 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Evolutions bite
F, claws, constrict, grab (tentacle massF), large, limbs (arms), magic attacks, reach (tentacle 
mass), tentacle massF 
Evasion (Ex) If subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex save for half damage, your eidolon takes 
no damage if it succeeds at its saving throw. 
Link (Ex) You and your eidolon share a mental link that allows for communication across any distance (if both 
are on the same plane). This communication is a free action, allowing you to give orders to your eidolon 
at any time. In addition, magic items interfere with your connection to your eidolon. Thus, you and your 
eidolon share magic item slots. For example, if you are wearing a ring, your eidolon can wear no more 
than one ring. In case of a conflict, the items worn by you remain active, and those used by your eidolon 
become dormant. Your eidolon must possess the appropriate appendages to use a magic item. 

Magic Attacks (Su) Your eidolon’s natural attacks count as magic and chaotic for the purposes of bypassing 
damage reduction. 
Share Spells (Ex) You can cast a spell with a target of “you” on your eidolon (as a spell with a range of touch) 
instead of on yourself. You can cast spells on your eidolon even if the spells normally do not affect 
creatures of the eidolon’s type (outsider). Spells cast in this way must come from the summoner spell 
list. This ability does not allow your eidolon to share abilities that are not spells, even if they function 
like spells. 