

Wan Shi Tong 
Male giant owl psychic 12 
LN Huge magical beast 
Init +13; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +37 
Languages Aklo (cannot speak), Auran (cannot speak), Common, 
Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Sylvan (cannot speak); animal 
telepathy (30 ft.) 
DEFENSE 
AC 32, touch 20, flat-footed 25 (+4 armor, +5 deflection, +4 Dex, +8 
natural, –2 size); mage armor 
hp 222 plus false life (18 HD) 
Fort +20, Ref +21, Will +22 
Defensive Abilities evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 10 ft. (2 squares), fly 60 ft. (average) 
Melee 2 claws +14 (2d6+4) 
Ranged touch spell +14 touch (by spell) 
Space 15 ft.; Reach 10 ft. 
Special Attacks major amplifications (dispelling pulse), phrenic amplifications (mindtouch, overpowering 
mind, relentless casting), phrenic pool (13/day) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 12
th; Concentration +21) 
1/day – detect thoughts, telepathic bond 
Psychic Spells Known (CL 12
th; Concentration +21) 
6th  (4/day) – fluid form
APG, legend lore
B, mind thrust VI
B OA 
5th  (7/day) – dominate person, greater synaptic pulseOA, retrocognition
B OA 
4th  (8/day) – freedom of movement, mind probe
B OA, shadow step
UM, telekinesis 
3
rd  (8/day) – blood biography
APG, dispel magic
B, gaseous form, meld into stone, protection from energy 
2
nd (8/day) – acute senses
UM, commune with birdsARG, false life, hypercognitionB OA, shield other, 
silence 
1
st  (9/day) – burst of insight
OA, charm person, comprehend languagesB, mage armor, shield, true strike 
0  (at will) – detect magic, detect psychic significance
OA, ghost sound, mage hand, mending, message, 
prestidigitation, read magic, stabilize 
Psychic Discipline Lore 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 18 (+4), Dex 24 (+7), Con 22 (+6), Int 28 (+9), Wis 24 (+7), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +12; CMB +18; CMD 40 
Feats Expanded Arcana (mind thrust VI), Extend Spell, Flyby Attack, Hover, Logical Spell, Maximize Spell, 
Merciful Spell, Quicken Spell, Wingover 
Skills Bluff +20, Diplomacy +20, Fly +28, Handle Animal +18, Heal +25, Intimidate +2 (+6 vs. smaller 
creatures), Knowledge (all) +21, Linguistics +14, Perception +37, Perform (oratory) +2, Sense Motive 
+32, Spellcraft +30, Stealth +28, Survival +25 (+30 when tracking); Racial Bonuses +4 Fly, +8 
Knowledge (all), +4 Perception, +4 Sense Motive, +8 Stealth 
SQ insightful senses, piercing stare, traits (magical lineage: mind thrust VI, reactionary) 
Gear amulet of speech (as ring of eloquence), belt of the weasel +6, headband of mental prowess +6 
(intelligence, wisdom; handle animal, heal, survival), lenses of detection, ring of evasion, ring of 
protection +5, tender (250gp), vest of resistance +5 (as cloak of resistance) 
Encumbrance light 400 lb., medium 800 lb., heavy 1,200 lb.; Weight Carried 4 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Animal Telepathy (Su) You can telepathically communicate with other animals as if under the effects of speak 
with animals. 

Detect Thoughts (Sp) You can use detect thoughts as a spell-like ability once per day. You can also expend 
any unused spell slot of 1
st-level or higher to cast detect thoughts. If you do so, you use the level of the 
spell slot expended to determine the Will save DC. 
Dispelling Pulse (Su) You can spend 3 points from your phrenic pool to entwine dispelling magic with a 
targeted spell. If the target is hit by the linked spell or fails its saving throw, it’s affected as though you 
had cast a targeted dispel magic spell on it. This effect can dispel only spells of the linked spell’s level 
or lower. If the linked spell doesn’t already require an attack roll or allow a saving throw, the target can 
attempt a Will saving throw to avoid the dispelling effect only; the DC is calculated using the linked 
spell’s level (and all other bonuses that would apply if the linked spell allowed a Will save). This 
amplification can be linked only to a spell that targets one creature or object. 
Illuminating Answers (Su) When you use a spell or spell-like ability that allows you to get answers to 
questions (such as augury, blood biography, or contact other plane) and get at least one answer, you 
regain 1 point in your phrenic pool. You regain this point even if the answer is false or vague. The 
maximum number of points you can regain in this way per day is equal to your Wisdom modifier. 
Insightful Senses (Su) You add your Wisdom modifier as an insight bonus on your initiative checks. 
Magical Lineage When you apply metamagic feats to mind thrust VI that add at least 1 level to the spell, treat 
its actual level as 1 lower for determining the spell’s final adjusted level. 
Mindtouch (Su) You can spend 1 point from your phrenic pool to probe one target’s mind if that creature is 
affected by the linked spell. If the target of the linked spell fails its saving throw or is hit by the spell, the 
psychic detects its surface thoughts (as the 3
rd-round effect of detect thoughts). If the linked spell doesn’t 
already require an attack roll or allow a saving throw, the target can attempt a Will saving throw to avoid 
the thought-detection effect only; the DC is calculated using the linked spell’s level (and all other 
bonuses that would apply if the linked spell allowed a Will save). This amplification can be linked only 
to spells that affect a target or an area. If the linked spell can affect more than one creature, you can 
attempt to detect more than one target’s thoughts by spending 1 additional point per creature beyond the 
first. You must select these targets when you cast the spell and spend the points. This is a mind-affecting 
effect. 
Mnemonic Cache (Su) You can memorize a piece of information and later recall it perfectly. Your mnemonic 
cache can hold roughly 65 pages of written information, including images and maps, or 85 minutes’ 
worth of speech or music. (Memorizing music doesn’t confer the ability to perform it properly.) You can 
hold only one piece of information in your mnemonic cache at a time. The information doesn’t go away 
when you recall it, but when you put a new piece of information in the cache, the old piece becomes as 
imperfect as any other memory. Memorizing magical writing (such as a scroll or a page from a 
spellbook) doesn’t confer the ability to borrow, duplicate, or retain any of the magic in the writing. You 
could reproduce the spell in writing to allow someone who prepares spells from a spellbook to prepare 
it, though this functions as using a borrowed spellbook for anyone other than you. If you’re in telepathic 
contact with another creature (through telepathic bond, for example), you can transfer the information 
directly into its mind as a free action. For this creature, the information functions like a normal memory, 
not one with perfect clarity. You can attempt to sequester a written magical trap (such as explosive runes 
or sepia snake sigil) in your mnemonic cache and destroy it. Treat this as a Disable Device check to 
disarm a magical trap (as though you had the trapfinding class feature). Your bonus on this roll is equal 
to either your Disable Device modifier or the sum of 5 + your psychic level + your Wisdom modifier, 
whichever is higher. If you succeed, instead of being disabled, the trap is erased and destroyed. This 
ability can’t destroy symbol traps; it functions only if written text is involved. 
Overpowering Mind (Ex) You can spend 2 points from your phrenic pool to increase the Will save DC of the 
linked spell by 1. You can choose to instead spend 4 points to increase the DC by 2. This amplification 
can be linked only to spells that have the mind-affecting descriptor and require a Will saving throw. 
Phrenic Pool (Su) You have a pool of supernatural mental energy that you can draw upon to manipulate 
psychic spells as you cast them. The maximum number of points in your phrenic pool is equal to ½ your 
psychic level + your Wisdom modifier. The phrenic pool is replenished each morning after 8 hours of 
rest or meditation; these hours don’t need to be consecutive. You might be able to recharge points in 

your phrenic pool in additional circumstances dictated by your psychic discipline. Points gained in 
excess of the pool’s maximum are lost. 
Piercing Stare (Su) Up to three times per day as a swift action, you can gain the effects of true seeing (as the 
spell) for 1 round. 
Reactionary You gain a +2 trait bonus on initiative checks. 
Relentless Casting (Su) You can spend 1 point from your phrenic pool to roll twice on any caster level checks 
to overcome spell resistance required for the linked spell and take the better result. Because you must 
decide to spend points from your phrenic pool when you start casting a spell, you must decide to use this 
ability before the GM calls for the caster level check. 
Superior Automatic Writing (Ex) When attempting checks for the automatic writing occult skill unlock, you 
can treat your psychic level + your Wisdom bonus as your number of Linguistics skill ranks. You gain 
an additional option when using automatic writing, and can attempt a DC 35 check to gain information 
as though you’d used commune instead of augury or divination. This type of commune requires no 
material component, and the duration equals 1 round per psychic class level you possess. You connect to 
a distant being of great intellect, a fragment of the Akashic Record, or a similar bastion of knowledge 
instead of to a deity. 
Telepathic Bond (Sp) You can use telepathic bond as a spell-like ability once per day, using your psychic level 
as your caster level. You can’t leave yourself out of a bond created in this way. You can also expend any 
unused spell slot of 4
th-level or higher to cast telepathic bond. Casting the spell using a higher-level spell 
slot gives no benefit on its own, but you can apply metamagic feats that would increase the spell level to 
the appropriate level. For instance, if you know Extend Spell, you can use a 5
th-level spell slot to cast 
extended telepathic bond as a full-round action. 