

Wellby Tosscobble 
Male halfling unchained rogue 7 (sniper) 
NG Small humanoid (halfling) 
Init +5; Senses Perception +17 
Languages Common, Elven, Gnome, Halfling 
DEFENSE 
AC 21, touch 16, flat-footed 16 (+5 armor, +5 Dex, +1 size) 
hp 65 (7 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +10, Will +2 
Defensive Abilities evasion, uncanny dodge 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares) 
Melee dagger +11 (1d3+5/19-20) 
Ranged +1 composite shortbow +12 (1d4+2/×3) or 
dagger +11 (1d3+5/19-20) 
Special Attacks accuracy, deadly range +20 ft., debilitating injury, finesse training (dagger), skulker, sneak 
attack +4d6 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 12 (+1), Dex 21 (+5), Con 14 (+2), Int 10 (+0), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +5; CMD 20 
Feats Expert Sniper, Go Unnoticed, Skill Focus (stealth), Hellcat Stealth, Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Acrobatics +18 (+14 when jumping), Bluff +2, Climb +16, Disable Device +19, Escape Artist +23, 
Perception +17, Sleight of Hand +15, Stealth +29 (+33 with camouflage, no penalties when sniping), 
Swim +16; Racial Modifiers +2 Bluff, +2 Perception, +2 Stealth 
SQ rogue’s edge (stealth), rogue talents (camouflage, fast stealth, surprise attack), secretive survivor 
Combat Gear arrows (20); Other Gear +1 mithral shirt, +1 composite shortbow (+1 strength bonus), boots of 
elvenkind, cloak of elvenkind, dagger, eyes of the eagle, gloves of swimming and climbing, vest of escape 
Encumbrance light 32 lb. 4 oz., medium 64 lb. 8 oz., heavy 97 lb. 8 oz.; Weight Carried 10 lb. 8 oz. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Accuracy (Ex) You halve all range increment penalties when making ranged attacks with a bow or crossbow. 
Camouflage (Ex) You can craft simple but effective camouflage from the surrounding foliage. You need 1 
minute to prepare the camouflage, but once you do, it is effective for the rest of the day or until you fail 
a saving throw against an area-effect spell that deals acid, cold, or fire damage, whichever comes first. 
You gain a +4 bonus on Stealth checks while within terrain that matches the foliage used to make the 
camouflage. This ability cannot be used in areas without natural foliage. 
Deadly Range (Ex) You increase the range at which you can apply your sneak attack damage by 20 feet (for a 
total of 50 feet). 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 
Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty to AC. The target takes an 
additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls. In addition, the target takes an additional 
–2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 

a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage 
on a successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light 
armor or no armor. If you are helpless, you do not gain the benefit of evasion. 
Fast Stealth (Ex) This ability allows you to move at full speed using the Stealth skill without penalty. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, whenever you make a successful 
melee attack with a dagger, you add your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the 
damage roll. If any effect would prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you 
do not add your Dexterity modifier. 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Stealth: Reduce the Stealth penalty from sniping by 10. 
Skulker You gain a +1 racial bonus on attacks against foes who are denied their Dexterity bonus to AC. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 4d6 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Surprise Attack (Ex) During the surprise round, you always consider opponents flat-footed, even if they have 
already acted. You add ½ your rogue level to your sneak attack damage rolls made during the surprise 
round. 
Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You cannot be caught flat-footed, nor do you lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if the 
attacker is invisible. You still lose your Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized or if an opponent 
successfully uses the feint action against you. 