

Whisper 
Female sylph sorcerer 8 (mythic archmage 4) 
CG Medium outsider (native) 
Init +11; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +8 
Languages Auran, Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 13, flat-footed 22 (+7 armor, +2 deflection, +3 Dex, +3 natural) 
hp 82 plus false life (8 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +8, Will +9 
Defensive Abilities enduring armor +7, hard to kill; Resist electricity 10 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee icicle dagger +4 (1d4 plus 1d6 cold /19-20) 
Ranged icicle dagger +4 (1d4 plus 1d6 cold /19-20) 
Special Attacks mythic power (11/day, surge +1d8) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 8
th; Concentration +15) 
10/day – electric ray (1d6+4) 
1/day – feather fall 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 8
th, Concentration +15) 
4th  (4/day) – dimension door 
3rd  (7/day) – fly, lightning bolt, protection from energy
B 
2nd  (8/day) – false life, invisibility, lightning ray
B (as scorching ray, but electricity), mirror image 
1st  (8/day) – feather fall, icicle dagger
UM, lightning sparksB (as burning hands, but electricity), magic 
missile, shield, true strike 
0  (at will) – arcane mark, detect magic, ghost sound, light, open/close, prestidigitation, read magic, 
spark
APG 
Bloodline elemental (air) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 16 (+3), Con 16 (+3), Int 11 (+0), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 24 (+7) 
Base Atk +4; CMB +4; CMD 17 
Feats Dimensional Agility, Dodge
B, Empower SpellB, Eschew Materials
B, Extend Spell, Extra Path Ability
M, 
Improved Initiative, Mythic Spell Lore
M, Toughness 
Skills Acrobatics +11, Perception +8, Spellcraft +11 
SQ archmage arcana (wild arcana), arcane metamastery 1, bloodline arcana (change energy damage spells to 
electricity), bloodline intensity, crafting mastery, energy conversion, recuperation 
Combat Gear wand of acid arrow (25 charges), wand of enlarge person (50 charges); Other Gear amulet of 
natural armor +3, bag of holding (type I), cloak of resistance +3, chronicler’s kit, headband of alluring 
charisma +4, metamagic rods (lesser merciful, lesser lingering), ring of protection +2, ring of suste-
nance, tender (170gp) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 31 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Amazing Initiative (Ex) You gain a bonus on initiative checks equal to your mythic tier (included above). In 
addition, as a free action on your turn, you can expend one use of mythic power to take an additional 
standard action during that turn. This additional standard action can’t be used to cast a spell. You can’t 
gain an extra action in this way more than once per round. 
Arcane Metamastery (Su) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic power and pick any one meta-
magic feat you know that increases the slot level of the spell by 0 or 1 levels. For the next 10 rounds, 
you can apply this metamagic feat to any arcane spell you cast without increasing the spell slot used or 
casting time. You can also use this ability on an arcane spell you cast from a scroll, staff, or wand. You 
can’t have more than one use of this ability active at a time. If you use this ability again, any previous 
use immediately ends (though this doesn’t affect spells already cast). 
Bloodline Arcana Whenever you cast a spell that deals energy damage, you can change the type of damage to 
electricity. This also changes the spell’s type to electricity. Additionally, whenever you cast a spell with 
the electricity descriptor, increase the spell’s save DC by 1. 
Bloodline Intensity (Su) Your mythic power intensifies your sorcerer bloodline. Select an additional bloodline 
feat from your bloodline’s list of feats. You must meet the prerequisites for that feat. You can also cast 
each of your bloodline spells once per day without them counting toward the number of spells you can 
cast per day. 
Enduring Armor (Su) You are protected by armor made of force. This armor grants you an armor bonus to AC 
equal to 3 + your tier. This ability is an abjuration effect with a spell level equal to your tier. If this ar-
mor is dispelled or otherwise ended, you can reactivate it as a swift action. 
Energy Conversion (Su) Whenever you cast a spell with the acid, cold, electricity, or fire descriptor, you can 
expend one use of mythic power to switch the energy type to a different one of those energy types. If the 
spell normally has its original energy type as a descriptor, it loses that descriptor and gains the new type 
as a descriptor. All other effects of the spell remain unchanged. 
Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 
hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Recuperation (Ex) You are restored to full hit points after 8 hours of rest so long as you aren’t dead. In addi-
tion, by expending one use of mythic power and resting for 1 hour, you regain a number of hit points 
equal to half your full hit points (up to a maximum of your full hit points) and regain the use of any class 
features that are limited to a certain number of uses per day (such as barbarian rage, bardic performance, 
spells per day, and so on). This rest is treated as 8 hours of sleep for such abilities. This rest doesn’t re-
fresh uses of mythic power or any mythic abilities that are limited to a number of times per day. 
Surge (Su) You can call upon your mythic power to overcome difficult challenges. You can expend one use of 
mythic power to increase any d20 roll you just made by rolling 1d8 and adding it to the result. Using this 
ability is an immediate action taken after the result of the original roll is revealed. This can change the 
outcome of the roll. 
Wild Arcana (Su) As a standard action, you can expend one use of mythic power to cast any one arcane spell 
without expending a prepared spell or spell slot. The spell must be on one of your arcane class spell lists, 
must be of a level that you can cast with that arcane spellcasting class, and must have a casting time of 
“1 standard action” (or less). You don’t need to have the spell prepared, nor does it need to be on your 
list of spells known. When casting a spell in this way, you treat your caster level as 2 levels higher for 
the purpose of any effect dependent on level. You can apply any metamagic feats you know to this spell, 
but its total adjusted level can’t be greater than that of the highest-level arcane spell you can cast from 
that spellcasting class. 
 
   

MYTHIC SPELLS KNOWN 
Dimension Door: The duration of this spell changes to 1 round per 2 caster levels, and it creates a temporary, 
invisible, one-way portal in your square to your destination. You immediately pass through the portal 
and arrive at the destination, but you can’t take any other creatures with you. When casting the spell, 
you can designate a number of creatures equal to your caster level. These creatures can see and use the 
portal, passing through it to arrive at the destination (this isn’t an action). A creature that passes through 
the portal can’t take any other actions until its next turn. 
Lightning Bolt: The damage dealt increases to 1d8 points of electricity damage per caster level (maximum 
10d8). Any creature that fails its save is staggered for 1 round. Augmented (3rd): If you expend two 
uses of mythic power, you can bend the line of the spell once up to 90 degrees. Any creature that fails its 
save is stunned for 1 round. 
Lightning Ray: Each ray’s damage increases to 6d6 points of electricity damage. The first ray bypasses electric-
ity resistance and immunity. 
Lighting Sparks: The range increases to 20 feet, and the damage dealt increases to 1d6 points of electricity dam-
age per caster level (maximum 5d6). 