

Worran Qualar 
Male human psychic 3 
NG Medium humanoid 
Init +1; Senses Perception +8 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome, Halfling 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 11, flat-footed 19 (+9 armor, +1 Dex) 
hp 27 (3 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +2, Will +5 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. without armor 
Melee mwk morningstar +4 (1d8+3) or 
mwk longsword +0 (1d8+3/19-20) 
Ranged mwk sling +3 (1d4+2) 
Special Attacks phrenic amplifications (focused force, mindtouch), phrenic pool (3/day) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 3
rd; Concentration +7) 
1/day – detect thoughts 
Psychic Spells Known (CL 3
rd; Concentration +7) 
1st  (6/day) – color spray, magic missile, shield 
0  (at will) – dancing lights, detect poison, ghost sound, prestidigitation, resistance 
Psychic Discipline Psychedelia 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 12 (+1), Con 16 (+3), Int 18 (+4), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +1; CMB +3; CMD 14 
Feats Armor Proficiency (light
B, medium, heavy) 
Skills Bluff +4, Craft (alchemy) +10, Diplomacy +4, Intimidate +4, Perception +8, Sense Motive +8, Spellcraft 
+10; Armor Check Penalty –5 
SQ cognatogen, detect thoughts, drug resistance 
Combat Gear antitoxin (3), potions of cure light wounds (3), sling bullets (10), zerk (3); Other Gear 
masterwork full plate, masterwork longsword (for show only), masterwork morningstar, masterwork 
sling, psychic’s kit, tender (41gp, 9sp) 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 175 lb.; Weight Carried 92 lb. 3 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Cognatogen (Su) Once per day, you can create a cognatogen, a mutagen-like mixture that heightens one mental 
ability score at the expense of a physical ability score. When you imbibe a cognatogen, you gain a +2 
natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical bonus to the selected ability score for 1 minute per psychic 
level. In addition, while the cognatogen is in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your physical ability 
scores. If the cognatogen enhances your Intelligence, it applies a penalty to your Strength. If it enhances 
your Wisdom, it applies a penalty to your Dexterity. If it enhances your Charisma, it applies a penalty to 
your Constitution. Otherwise, this ability works just like the alchemist’s mutagen ability. When the 
effect of the cognatogen ends, you take 2 points of ability damage to the ability score penalized by the 
cognatogen. 
Drug Resistance (Ex) When you ingest drugs, you take half as much ability damage (minimum 1). You also 
gain a +4 bonus on saving throws to avoid becoming addicted to a drug or to overcome being addicted. 
Focused Force (Su) When casting a force spell, you can increase the spell’s damage by spending 1 point from 
your phrenic pool. Increase the die size for the spell’s damage by one step (from 1d4 to 1d6, 1d6 to 1d8, 
1d8 to 1d10, or 1d10 to 1d12). This increases the size of each die rolled. This amplification can be 
linked only to spells that deal force damage, and only if that damage includes a die value. A spell that 
already uses d12s for damage can’t be amplified in this way. 

Mindtouch (Su) You can spend 1 point from your phrenic pool to probe one target’s mind if that creature is 
affected by the linked spell. If the target of the linked spell fails its saving throw or is hit by the spell, 
you detect its surface thoughts (as the 3
rd-round effect of detect thoughts). If the linked spell doesn’t 
already require an attack roll or allow a saving throw, the target can attempt a Will saving throw to avoid 
the thought-detection effect only; the DC is calculated using the linked spell’s level (and all other 
bonuses that would apply if the linked spell allowed a Will save). This amplification can be linked only 
to spells that affect a target or an area. If the linked spell can affect more than one creature, you can 
attempt to detect more than one target’s thoughts by spending 1 additional point per creature beyond the 
first. You must select these targets when you cast the spell and spend the points. This is a mind-affecting 
effect. 