

Zorak Robert Jones, Silent Cannibal of the Devourer 
“I am the Lone Locust of the Apocalypse, think of me when you look to the night sky.” 

The anarchic shirren, Zorak, was once a Maw of the Devourer (cult recruiter). He was 
instrumental in forming a sizeable cult cell that frequently terrorized the citizens of the 
planet Castrovel for several years. When a band of Pathfinders killed his mate, a fellow 
shirren cultist named Salask, along with much of that cell’s local membership, he went 
into hiding; moving on from Castrovel to instead serve the Devourer as a silent cannibal 
(cult spy) elsewhere. 

As  a  silent  cannibal,  Zorak  has  spent  years  spying  for  cult  cells,  living  lies  as  deep  in 
targeted societies as he could manage. Though not all silent cannibals are cannibals—the 
term  refers  to  their  being  members  of  the  society  they  seek  to  destroy,  thus 
metaphorically  eating  their  own  kind—but  some  (like  Zorak)  certainly  take  the  label 
literally  and  are  serial  killers  (Zorak  himself  recently  devoured  his  own  nephew).  While 
committing  murders  even  once  every  year  or  two  puts  Zorak  at  much  greater  risk  of 
discovery, the dedication needed for a Devourer cultist to live a quiet life as a spy is more 
than  he  can  manage  without  at  least  an  occasional  killing  to  assuage  his  need  for 
destruction. 

Zorak generally prefers to hide out in the open, taking various public positions within society such as a smalltime 
holovid actor or as a bandleader at popular venues. This level of personal exposure acts as a surprisingly good 
cover for his true activities. Since most people view cultists of the Devourer as being either a secretive bunch 
hiding in the shadows, or as a crazed hoard on the farthest fringes of known space, few ever suspect that such 
a highly public entertainer could actually be a psychopath hellbent on bringing about the end of all civilization. 

Zorak is usually grumpy and sarcastic, bringing a sick sense of humor to his acts that has netted him some small 
renown. He relishes publicly insulting his fellow stars whenever possible, sometimes winding them up to the 
point of perpetrating acts of violence against him—many of which are mistakenly seen by the public as little 
more than scripted entertainment. When Zorak’s compatriots have had enough, he or they simply move on to 
other opportunities in the entertainment industry. Ironically, this toxicity has served to allow Zorak to be more 
mobile, allowing growing his network of contacts, exposing him to a constant stream of worthwhile information 
about the Pact Worlds’ wealthy elite, since for every being he alienates, he entertains hundreds more. 

   

ZORAK ROBERT JONES 
Male shirren cultist operative 6 
CE Medium humanoid (shirren) 
Init +10; Senses blindsense (vibration) 30 ft., darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +12 

DEFENSE  SP 48     HP 42     RP 6 
EAC 20; KAC 22 (armor +6/+8, Dex +4) 
Fort +4, Ref +9, Will +6 
Defensive Abilities evasion 

OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +4 (1d6+6 B; archaic, nonlethal) 
Ranged matter intensifier +8 (1d10+3 A; boost 2d4) 
Offensive Abilities bleeding shot 6, debilitating trick, trick attack +3d8 

STATISTICS 
Str 10 (+0); Dex 18 (+4); Con 15 (+2); Int 12 (+1); Wis 12 (+1); Cha 16 (+3) 
Skills Bluff +15 (+19 with trick attack), Culture +14, Diplomacy +13, Disguise +16, Intimidate +14, Perception 
+12, Profession (musician) +14 (+16 with musical keyboard), Sense Motive +12, Stealth +15; Racial 
Modifiers +2 Culture, +2 Diplomacy 
Feats Far Shot, Fast Talk, Improved InitiativeB, Improved Unarmed Strike, Skill Focus (bluffB, disguiseB) 
Languages Common, Shirren, Vesk; limited telepathy 30 ft. 
Other Abilities combat trick, master of disguise (DC 16), nightvision, operative’s edge +2, operative 
specialization (spy), quick movement +10, theme knowledge, weapon specialization 
Combat Gear spare batteries (5); Other Gear credstick (50 credits), freebooter armor II (upgrade: glamer 
projector), holoskin, matter intensifier (liquidator disintegrator pistol; fusions: glamered, vicious), 
musical keyboard (basic musical instrument); Augmentations synaptic accelerators (Dexterity Mk I) 
Encumbrance Limits unencumbered 0 - 5, encumbered 6 - 10, overburdened 11+; Current Bulk 1.3 

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bleeding Shot (Ex) For your debilitating trick, you can afflict your target with an amount of bleed damage 
equal to your operative level. 
Blindsense Your sensitive antennae grant you blindsense (vibration)—the ability to sense vibrations in the 
air—out to 30 feet. You ignore the Stealth bonuses from any form of visual camouflage, invisibility, and 
the like when attempting a Perception check opposed by a creature’s Stealth check. Even on a 
successful Perception check, any foe that can’t be seen still has total concealment (50% miss chance) 
against you, and you still have the normal miss chance when attacking foes that have concealment. 
You are still flatfooted against attacks from creatures you can’t see. 
Communalism Once per day, as long as an ally is within 10 feet, you can roll a single attack roll or skill check 
twice and take the higher result. 
Cult Infiltrator If you spend 10 minutes conversing with a member of a hidden cult and succeed at a DC 25 
Culture check, typical followers of that cult have a starting attitude of indifferent toward you. You also 
gain a +2 bonus to Bluff, Diplomacy, and Intimidate checks against such followers. 
Cultural Fascination You receive a +2 racial bonus to Culture and Diplomacy checks (included above). 
Debilitating Trick (Ex) When you hit an enemy with a trick attack, you can make the creature flat-footed or 
off-target until the beginning of your next turn. If you possess exploits that grant you additional 
options for your debilitating trick, you can select only one option each time you hit with a trick attack. 

Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex save against an effect that normally has a partial effect on a successful 
save, you instead suffer no effect. You gain this benefit only when unencumbered and wearing light 
armor or no armor, and you lose the benefit when you are helpless or otherwise unable to move. 
Limited Telepathy You can communicate telepathically with any creatures within 30 feet with whom you 
share a language. Conversing telepathically with multiple creatures simultaneously is just as difficult as 
listening to multiple people speak. 
Master of Disguise (Ex) You can take on the appearances of other creatures and even specific individuals. This 
functions as the quick disguise exploit, but the duration increases to 10 minutes per operative level. 
Alternatively, for 1 minute per operative level, you can take on the appearance of a specific individual 
that you have seen before. If you have heard the individual talk and can speak her language, you can 
also modulate your speech to match theirs. This disguise is so convincing that creatures familiar with 
the individual must succeed at a Will saving throw before they can attempt a Perception check to 
pierce the disguise. 
Nightvision (Ex) You can see in the dark as if you had low-light vision and darkvision with a range of 60 feet. 
Operative’s Edge (Ex) You gain a +2 insight bonus to initiative checks and to skill checks (included above). 
Quick Movement (Ex) As long as you are unencumbered and wearing light armor or no armor, your land 
speed increases by 10 feet. 
Theme Knowledge Reduce the DC of Culture and Mysticism checks to recall knowledge about hidden cults and 
secretive religions, including knowledge about their beliefs, hierarchy, and symbols, by 5. Reduce the 
DC of Diplomacy checks to gather information about hidden cults and their enigmatic members 
(usually considered obscure or secret knowledge or mysterious or obscure individuals) by 5. You gain a 
+1 bonus to Disguise checks (included above). 
Trick Attack (Ex) As a full action, you can move up to your speed. Whether or not you moved, you can then 
make an attack with a melee weapon with the operative special property or with any small arm. Just 
before making your attack, attempt a Bluff, Intimidate, or Stealth check (or a check associated with 
your specialization) with a DC equal to 20 + your target’s CR. If you succeed at the check, you deal 3d8 
additional damage and the target is flat-footed. You can’t use this ability with a weapon that has the 
unwieldy special property or that requires a full action to make a single attack. 
Weapon Specialization (Ex) You gain the Weapon Specialization feat as a bonus feat for each weapon type 
with which the Operative class grants you proficiency. 
 
 
  

Autographed fan art depicting Zorak as one of his late night holovid characters. 

 