

Abikay Daewolf 
“It is perilous to underestimate me.” 
 
To most, Abikay resembles nothing more than a handsome 
young nobleman  who lost his right eye and left  arm in some 
unknown tragedy. He keeps in peak physical condition and 
sports messy black hair, a single unnaturally green left eye, and 
a tear drop tattoo on his right cheek. His true form, however, is 
much more  horrifying  when revealed.  Abikay  was born  a 
misshapen monstrosity; a side effect of his parents having lived 
in radiated Numeria for so long. His right eye (hidden behind an 
eye patch) has a golden iris and an hourglass shaped pupil like a 
goat’s, a second and third arm are strapped to his torso beneath 
his robes (the latter being a monstrous bundle of sinewy muscle 
ending in lethal knife-like claws and the former being atrophied 
and useless), and his back sports a pair of black, feathered wings 
(typically  folded beneath his cloak)  while his mouth is filled 
with razor sharp fangs. 
 
Abikay has two basic outfits. He has his formal attire, which is 
comprised of a long flowing cape, a large  multi-plumed 
headdress, and a white mask that depicts a warped smile. His other attire is more formfitting—a casual noble’s 
outfit, which allows him more freedom of movement. His hair is left long and flowing and he always wears a 
black patch over his right eye in order to prevent its fiendish nature from being inadvertently discovered by those 
around him who might possess the ability to see past his illusions. Both outfits use mundane and magical means 
to hide his hideous form. 
 
Sequestered from the world for most of his childhood, Abikay grew to become a coy, if cynical individual who 
buries himself in ancient tomes and arcane studies when he is not traveling in search of more ancient lore. Still, 
his frenetic drive towards knowledge and power quickly spreads to those around him, making him an amiable 
leader of men. He constantly strives for mental and physical perfection and as a former high noble he expects 
nothing less from his subordinates as well. 
 
Abikay, disowned by his kinsman due to his obsession with alien lore and strange experiments, left his exotic 
homeland of Numeria long ago. He took with him a number of loyal servants who help him continue his studies 
of the aberrant creatures of the world. Long fascinated by the tremendous strength and resilience demonstrated 
by such creatures, he began to explore ways in which he could strengthen his own frail form, eventually becoming 
an accomplished fleshwarper. He lives for the chance to pass on the “benefits” of his studies to others, and thus 
often agrees to perform experiments on willing participants. Unfortunately, not all of his early work was as sound 
or as stable as the work he is now capable of, and a few former adventurers made into monsters by his clumsier 
efforts yet hunger for revenge.   

Abikay Daewolf 
Male mutant human alchemist 10 (preservationist, vivisectionist) 
LE Medium aberration (augmented human) 
Init +3; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +0 
Languages Aklo, Common, Infernal, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 28, touch 13, flat-footed 25 (+6 armor, +3 Dex, +6 natural, +3 shield); 
barkskin, mutagen 
hp 92 plus false life (10 HD); fast healing 5 
Fort +9, Ref +13, Will +4; heroism 
Immune mind-affecting effects, poison, radiation 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 60 ft. (good) 
Melee 2 claws +24 (1d6+15 plus poison) and bite +24 (1d8+15 plus 
poison) with feral mutagen, heroism, and rage; or 
mwk morningstar +25/+20 (1d8+15 plus poison), claw +19 (1d6+7 
plus poison), and bite +19 (1d8+7 plus poison) with feral mutagen, heroism, and rage 
Ranged acid flask +12 touch (1d6+2 acid) with heroism, or 
mwk sling +14 (1d4+13) with feral mutagen and heroism 
Special Attacks rage (24 rounds/day), sneak attack +5d6 plus 5 bleed, swift poisoning, throw anything +3 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 10
th) 
4
th  (1/day) – fluid form
APG 
3rd  (3/day) – haste, heroism, [open slot] 
2nd (5/day) – barkskin, darkvision, false life, [open slots] (2) 
1st  (6/day) – enlarge person, shield, true strike (2), [open slots] (2) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 36 (+13), Dex 16 (+3), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 6 (–2), Cha 10 (+0); feral mutagen 
Base Atk +7; CMB +20 (mutagen and heroism bonuses included); CMD 29 (mutagen bonuses included) 
Feats Brew Potion
B, Extra Discovery (2), Fast Learner, Fleshwarper, Master Alchemist, Planar PreservationistB, 
Throw Anything
B 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +29, Diplomacy +12, Disguise +12 (+22 with greater hat of disguise), Fly +17, Heal 
+17, Knowledge (arcana) +12, Knowledge (dungeoneering) +12, Knowledge (nature) +17, Knowledge 
(nobility) +9, Survival +8; Armor Check Penalty –1; Skill Bonuses +2 to all skills from heroism 
SQ alchemy +10, deformities (fragile, misshapen, useless arm), discoveries (bleeding attack, crippling 
strike, feral mutagen, lingering spirit, sticky poison, vestigial arm, wings [10 minutes/day]), heart of the 
wilderness +5, mutagen (100 minutes), mutations (fast healing, rage, sealed mind), swift alchemy 
Combat Gear acid flasks (6), dead air vials (6), drow poison (30), potions (cure light wounds 10), sling bullets 
(10), tanglefoot bags (6); Other Gear +2 buckler, +2 chain shirt, alchemy crafting kit, backpack, belt of 
giant strength +6, cloak of resistance +1, disguise kit (10 uses), formula book (45 pages left), greater 
hat of disguise (functions as an eye patch), jewelry (250gp worth), masterwork morningstar, masterwork 
sling, ring of protection +1, tender (60gp, 40sp, 90cp) 
Formula Book 4
th-level—fluid form
APG, summon monster V
B, summon nature’s ally V
B; 3rd-level—awakenM B, 
baleful polymorphB, cure serious wounds, haste, heroism, summon monster IV
B, summon nature’s ally 
IV
B; 2nd-level—anthropomorphic animalB UM, barkskin, darkvision, false life, summon monster II
B, 
summon nature’s ally II
B; 1st-level—crafter’s fortuneAPG, cure light wounds, death watchB, disguise self, 
endure elements, enlarge person, shield, summon monster I
B, summon nature’s ally I
B, true strike 
Encumbrance light 692 lb., medium 1,384 lb., heavy 2,080 lb.; Weight Carried 93 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alchemy (Su) When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal to 
your alchemist class level on the Craft (alchemy) check (included above). In addition, you can use Craft 

(alchemy) to identify potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to make 
such a check. You are also capable of creating bombs, extracts, and mutagens (see below). 
Bleeding Attack (Ex) You can cause living opponents to bleed by hitting them with a sneak attack. This attack 
causes the target to take 1 additional point of damage each round for each die of your sneak attack (e.g., 
4d6 equals 4 points of bleed). Bleeding creatures take that amount of damage every round at the start of 
each of their turns. The bleeding can be stopped by a DC 15 Heal check or the application of any effect 
that heals hit point damage. Bleeding damage from this ability does not stack with itself. Bleeding 
damage bypasses any damage reduction the creature might possess. You cannot use this in conjunction 
with crippling strike. 
Bottled Ally V You add Handle Animal to your list of class skills. You also add summon nature’s ally I to your 
formula book as a 1st-level extract, summon nature’s ally II as a 2
nd-level extract, summon nature’s ally 
IV as a 3
rd-level extract, and summon nature’s ally V as a 4
th-level extract. When you prepare those 
extracts, you actually prepare a tiny, preserved specimen in a bottle (as with a caster casting the spell, 
you don’t have to choose the creature until you use the extract). When you open the bottle, the specimen 
animates and grows to normal size, serving you as per the spell and otherwise being treated as a 
summoned creature. When the duration expires, the preserved creature decays into powder. If you have 
the infusion discovery, another character can use the infused specimen. The Augment Summoning feat 
can be applied to these specimens. 
Crippling Strike (Ex) You can sneak attack opponents with such precision that your blows weaken and hamper 
them. An opponent damaged by one of your sneak attacks also takes 2 points of Strength damage. You 
cannot use this in conjunction with bleeding attack. 
Cruel Anatomist You may use your Knowledge (nature) skill bonus in place of your Heal skill bonus. 
Extracts (Su) You may create and use extracts, essentially spells in the form a drinkable liquid. For the most 
part, extracts follow the rules of both potions and spells. 
Feral mutagen Whenever you imbibe a mutagen, you gain two claw attacks and a bite attack. These are 
primary attacks and are made using your full base attack bonus. The claw attacks deal 1d6 points of 
damage and the bite attack deals 1d8 points of damage. While the mutagen is in effect, you gain a +2 
competence bonus on Intimidate skill checks. 
Fragile (Ex) When you fail a Fortitude save, you are staggered for 1 round. 
Heart of the Wilderness You gain a bonus equal to half your character level on Survival checks. You also gain 
a +5 bonus on Constitution checks to stabilize when dying and add half your character level to your 
Constitution score when determining the negative hit point total necessary to kill you. 
Lingering Spirit (Ex) You treat your Constitution as 10 points higher than normal for the purpose of 
determining when hit point damage kills you. Reducing you to 0 Constitution or its equivalent (from 
ability damage, ability drain, Constitution penalties, and so on) makes you unconscious and comatose, 
but you are only killed after taking an additional 5 points of Constitution damage, drain, or penalty. 
Misshapen (Ex) You cannot wear armor (including magical armor) fashioned for humanoid creatures. Armor 
made to fit you costs twice as much. 
Mutagen (Su) You may brew a dose of mutagen in 1 hour, and once brewed, it remains potent until used. You 
can only maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any existing mutagen 
becomes inert. As with an extract or bomb, a mutagen that is not in your possession becomes inert until 
you pick it up again. When you brew a mutagen, you select one physical ability score—Strength, 
Dexterity, or Constitution. It’s a standard action to drink a mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen 
causes you to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you a +2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical 
bonus to the selected ability score for 10 minutes per alchemist level. In addition, while the mutagen is 
in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your mental ability scores. If the mutagen enhances your 
Strength, it applies a penalty to your Intelligence. If it enhances your Dexterity, it applies a penalty to 
your Wisdom. If it enhances your Constitution, it applies a penalty to your Charisma. A non-alchemist 
who drinks a mutagen must make a DC 18 Fortitude save or become nauseated for 1 hour—a non-
alchemist can never gain the benefit of a mutagen, but an alchemist can gain the effects of another 
alchemist’s mutagen if he drinks it. (Although if the other alchemist creates a different mutagen, the 

effects of the “stolen” mutagen immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever 
you drink a mutagen, the effects of any previous mutagen immediately end. 
Ongoing Extracts/Mutagens/Spell Effects The above statistics assume that a number of ongoing extracts are 
currently active as follows: barkskin, darkvision, false life, heroism. Your greater hat of disguise also 
grants you +2 size bonus to Strength as well as low-light vision for appearing as a half-elf. The stat 
adjustments for these extracts and spell effects are included where appropriate. Additionally, the 
physical aspects of a strength-based mutagen are included above for ease of reference in combat. 
Poisons drow poison—injury, Fort DC 13 (1 save), frequency of 1/minute for 2 minutes, unconsciousness 1 
min./2d4 hours. 
Rage (Ex) You can rage for 24 rounds per day. Entering a rage is a free action. The total number of rounds of 
rage per day is renewed after resting for 8 hours, although these hours do not need to be consecutive. 
While in rage, you gain a +4 morale bonus to your Strength and Constitution, as well as a +2 morale 
bonus on Will saves. In addition, you take a –2 penalty to Armor Class. The increase to Constitution 
grants you 2 hit points per Hit Dice, but these disappear when the rage ends and are not lost first like 
temporary hit points. While in rage, you cannot use any Charisma-, Dexterity-, or Intelligence-based 
skills (except Acrobatics, Fly, Intimidate, and Ride) or any ability that requires patience or 
concentration. You can end your rage as a free action and are fatigued after rage for a number of rounds 
equal to 2 times the number of rounds spent in the rage. You cannot enter a new rage while fatigued or 
exhausted but can otherwise enter rage multiple times during a single encounter or combat. If you fall 
unconscious, your rage immediately ends, placing you in peril of death. 
Sealed Mind (Ex): You are immune to mind-affecting effects. 
Sneak Attack If you can catch an opponent when he is unable to defend himself effectively from your attack, 
you can strike a vital spot for extra damage. Your attack deals extra damage (as shown above) any time 
your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus 
or not), or when you flank your target. Should you score a critical hit with a sneak attack, this extra 
damage is not multiplied. Ranged attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. 
With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (like a sap, whip, or an unarmed strike), you can make a 
sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals 
lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack, not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must 
be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You 
cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with concealment. 
Sticky Poison Any poison you create is sticky—when you apply it to a weapon, the weapon remains poisoned 
for a number of strikes equal to your Intelligence modifier. 
Swift Alchemy (Ex) You can create alchemical items with astounding speed. It takes you half the normal 
amount of time to create alchemical items. 
Swift Poisoning (Ex) You can apply a dose of poison to a weapon as a swift action. 
Throw Anything (Ex) You gain the Throw Anything feat as a bonus feat and you add your Intelligence 
modifier to damage done with splash weapons, including the splash damage if any. This bonus damage 
is already included in the bomb class feature. 
Torturer’s Eye You add deathwatch to your formula book as a 1st-level extract. 
Torturous Transformation You add anthropomorphic animal to your formula book as a 2nd-level extract. 
When you use this extract, you inject it into an animal as part of a 2-hour surgical procedure. By using 
multiple doses of this extract as part of the surgery, you multiply the duration by the number of extracts 
used. Additionally, you add awaken and baleful polymorph to your formula book as 3rd-level extracts. 
When you use the awaken or baleful polymorph extract, you inject it into the target (not a plant) as part 
of a 24-hour surgical procedure. You can make anthropomorphic animal permanent on a creature by 
spending 7,500gp. 
Useless Arm (Ex) One of your natural arms is malformed and useless. 
Vestigial Arm (Ex) You possess a third arm on your torso. The arm is fully under your control and cannot be 
concealed except with magic or bulky clothing. The arm does not give you any extra attacks or actions 
per round, though the arm can wield a weapon and make attacks as part of your attack routine (using 
two-weapon fighting). The arm can manipulate or hold items as well as your original arms (for example, 

allowing the alchemist to use one hand to wield a weapon, another hand to hold a potion, and the third 
hand to throw a bomb). The arm has its own “hand” and “ring” magic item slots (though you can still 
only wear two rings and two hand magic items at a time). 
Wings (Ex) You possess insect-like functional wings, allowing you to fly as the fly spell for a number of 
minutes per day equal to your caster level. These minutes do not need to be consecutive, but they must 
be spent in 1-minute increments. 