

Adin Lir 
Female noble drow cleric 3/transmuter 3/mystic theurge 10 
CN Medium humanoid (elf) 
Init +13; Senses darkvision 120 ft.; Perception +26 
Languages Abyssal, Common, Draconic, Drow Sign Language, Elven, 
Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 37, touch 22, flat-footed 30 (+7 armor, +5 deflection, +7 Dex, +8 
natural) 
hp 111 (16 HD) 
Fort +15, Ref +18, Will +25; +2 vs. enchantment 
Defensive Abilities evasion; Immune magical sleep effects; SR 27 
Weaknesses light blindness 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland flight 
Melee luck blade +13/+8 (1d6+5/19-20) or 
by touch spell +11 touch 
Ranged by touch spell +15 touch 
Special Attacks channel positive energy 11/day (DC 17, 2d6), poison use 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 16
th; Concentration +20) 
Constant – detect magic 
At will – alter self, cure light wounds, dancing lights, deeper darkness, magic missile 
13/day – telekinetic fist (1d4+1 bludgeoning) 
1/day – dispel magic, protection against law, suggestion 
Cleric Spells Prepared (CL 13
th, or CL 17
th to overcome SR; Concentration +21) 
7th  (3/day) – destructionF (2), spell turning
D 
6th  (4/day) – dominate person
C, geas/quest, heal, misleadD 
5th  (5/day) – break enchantment, false visionDM, greater invisibility
C, scryingF, true seeing
M 
4th  (7/day) – chaos hammer, confusionD, discern lies, fireball
C, freedom of movement, lightning boltC, 
restoration
M 
3rd  (7/day) – create food and water, invisibility purge, nondetectionD, protection from energy, remove 
disease, searing light, webC 
2nd (7/day) – charm person
C, invisibility
D, lesser restoration, shield
C (2), shield other
F, undetectable 
alignment 
1st  (7/day) – doom, endure elements, identify
D, protection against good (2), remove fear, sanctuary 
0  (at will) – create water, light, purify food and drink, read magic 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 15
th, or CL 19th to overcome SR; Concentration +23) 
7th  (3/day) – greater polymorph, greater teleport, reverse gravity 
6th  (5/day) – chain lightning, disintegrate (2), flesh to stone, mass suggestion, mislead 
5th  (6/day) – baleful polymorph, cone of cold, feeblemind, overland flight, telekinesis, teleport 
4th  (7/day) – black tentacles, charm monster, dimensional anchor, fire shield, greater invisibility, stone 
shape, stoneskin
M 
3rd  (7/day) – fireball, haste, lightning bolt, major image, protection from energy, vampiric touchO 
2nd (8/day) – blindness/deafnessO, glitterdust, invisibility, rope trick, scorching ray (2), web 
1st  (8/day) – charm person, expeditious retreat, floating disk, ray of enfeeblement
O, shield, shocking 
grasp, unseen servant 
0  (at will) – detect poisonO, mage hand, prestidigitation 
Arcane School transmutation; C combined spell; D domain spell; Domains magic, trickery; O opposition 
school spell; Opposition Schools divination, necromancy 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 17 (+3), Dex 24 (+7), Con 14 (+2), Int 30 (+10), Wis 26 (+8), Cha 18 (+4) 

Base Atk +8; CMB +11; CMD 41 
Feats Craft Wondrous Items, Defensive Combat Training, Greater Spell Focus (transmutation), Greater Spell 
Penetration, Improved Initiative, Scale and Skin, Scribe Scroll
B, Spell Focus (transmutation), Spell 
Penetration 
Skills Acrobatics +28 (+32 to jump), Bluff +23, Disguise +23 (+33 with alter self), Escape Artist +23, 
Knowledge (arcana) +29, Knwoledge (local) +29, Knowledge (planes) +29, Knowledge (religion) +29, 
Perception +26 (darkvision), Sleight of Hand +23, Spellcraft +29, Stealth +26; Racial Modifier +2 
Perception 
SQ arcane bond (object), aura of evil (moderate), physical enhancement +1, spontaneous casting (inflict spells), 
traits (magical knack: wizard, reactionary), weapon familiarity 
Combat Gear spell focus components (destruction, scrying, shield other), spell material components (false 
vision 4, restoration [1,000gp worth], stoneskin 4, true seeing 4); Other Gear amulet of natural armor 
+5, belt of physical perfection +6, blessed book (no pages remaining), boots of striding and springing, 
bracers of armor +7, cloak of resistance +5, headband of mental superiority +6 (acrobatics, escape 
artist, sleight of hand), luck blade (no wishes), ring of evasion (bonded object), ring of protection +5, 
spellbooks (3; 33 pages left), spell component pouch, tender (3,850gp), tome of clear thought +4 
(already read) 
Spellbook all core wizard spells of 7
th-level and lower. 
Encumbrance light 86 lb., medium 173 lb., heavy 260 lb.; Weight Carried 19 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bonded Object (Sp) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded object worn or in hand, you must make 
a concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A 
bonded object can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are 
capable of casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, 
including casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be 
modified by metamagic feats or other abilities. The bonded object cannot be used to cast spells from 
your opposition schools. The magic properties of your bonded object, including any magic abilities 
added to the object, only function for you. 
Channel Energy (Su) Eleven times per day you may release a burst of positive energy in a 30-ft. radius burst 
as a standard action. When doing so you can choose to harm undead creatures in the area (2d6 damage, 
Will DC 17 half) or to heal the living (2d6 healing). 
Combined Spells (Su) You can prepare and cast spells from one of your spellcasting classes using the available 
slots from any of your other spellcasting classes. Spells prepared or cast in this way take up a slot one 
level higher than they originally occupied. This ability cannot be used to cast a spell at a lower level if 
that spell exists on both spell lists. You may only cross 5
th-level spells in this fashion. The components 
of these spells do not change, but they otherwise follow the rules for the spellcasting class used to cast 
the spell. 
Contingencies/Ongoing Spells You have cast the contingency spell upon yourself. Should you ever die, you 
immediately come under the effect of a breath of life spell. Additionally, you have used the permanency 
spell to make the following spell effects permanent in regards to yourself: arcane sight, comprehend 
languages, see invisibility, and tongues. The following spells are also regularly active upon your person: 
endure elements, overland flight, and undetectable alignment. All ongoing spell effects function at 15th-
caster level (and thus require a DC 26 caster level check to dispel) and their effects are included in the 
above stats where appropriate. 
Evasion (Ex) If you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage 
on a successful save, you instead take no damage. If you are helpless or are not wearing your ring of 
evasion, you do not gain the benefit of evasion. 
Light Blindness Abrupt exposure to bright light blinds you for 1 round; on subsequent rounds you are dazzled 
as long as you remain in the affected area. 
Physical Enhancement (Su) You gain a +1 enhancement bonus to one physical ability score (Strength, 
Dexterity, or Constitution). This bonus increases by +1 for every five wizard levels you possess to a 

maximum of +5 at 20
th-level. You can change this bonus to a new ability score when you prepare spells. 
At 20
th-level, this bonus applies to two physical ability scores of your choice. Unless otherwise stated, 
assume it applies to Strength. 
Poison Use (Ex) You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying 
poison to a blade. 
Spell Synthesis (Su) Once per day you can cast two spells, one from each of your spellcasting classes, using 
one action. Both of the spells must have the same casting time. You can make any decisions concerning 
the spells independently. Any target affected by both of the spells takes a –2 penalty on saves made 
against each spell. You receive a +2 bonus on caster level checks made to overcome spell resistance 
with these two spells. 
Telekinetic Fist (Sp) As a standard action you can strike with a telekinetic fist, targeting any foe within 30 feet 
as a ranged touch attack. The telekinetic fist deals 1d4 points of bludgeoning damage + 1 for every two 
wizard levels you possess. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your 
Intelligence modifier. 