

Akoran, the Mad Mage 
“I care not for the depredations of good or of evil. I have 
suffered grievously from both.” 
 
Once a brilliant young woman full of joy, Akoran is now an empty 
husk tediously striving  towards her next arcane achievement, 
whatever it takes. Having seen the best and the worst of the world 
during her life and unlife, Akoran has long since grown cynical. 
She throws herself into her research  and has since become 
emotionally withdrawn. Despite her reputation, Akoran is not 
mad, merely absorbed by her drive for answers. 
 
As a girl, Akoran was raised by her grandmother (her parents 
having been murdered by bandits) and they lived together happily 
in relative peace for many years. Shortly after Akoran became a 
young  woman, however, her  grandmother  fell terribly ill. 
Knowing what was to come, the dying woman sent her grandchild 
out into the woods to gather medicinal herbs—the better to 
prevent her from witnessing her passing. Much like the ivory bowl 
full of herbs that slipped from her grasp, Akoran’s heart shattered 
upon her return. 
 
Having never coped with death well, Akoran broke down and became terrified over the inevitability of death. She 
grew paranoid, believing that death was waiting around every corner. In desperation she joined up with a peaceful 
cult in a nearby city seeking answers of the afterlife. Ultimately, concerned city authorities sabotaged the cult by 
planting seeds of discord causing the otherwise peaceful group to fracture and turn to violent infighting. 
 
Akoran, trying to salvage the group’s ties, was soon caught up in the violence. Forced by unknown attackers to 
undergo a dark ritual, she was brutally tortured and then sacrificed. When she next awoke, she not only found her 
organization destroyed by the authorities (who swooped in upon them in their weakened state), but also that she 
had been transformed into an undead monster (as evidenced by the large spike protruding from her stilled heart). 
To this day she does not know whether her kidnappers were opposing cult members trying to sacrifice her, friends 
trying to protect her from the guild’s inevitable collapse in their own way, or corrupt city authorities simply trying 
to set up the cult with an incriminating “murder.” Anyone with knowledge of the incident either fled the area or 
was killed in the raid shortly afterwards—leaving Akoran with far too many questions without answers. Her life, 
having once again fallen apart, Akoran took what little she knew about the arts of necromancy and dedicated her 
life to learning its most powerful secrets. For decades she has adventured abroad in hopes that her growing power 
will one day reveal to her the attackers who betrayed her to the cold eternity of undeath and the secrets of the 
terrible ritual they performed. 
   

Akoran 
Female human lich, necromancer 13 
N Medium undead (augmented humanoid) 
Init +2; Senses darkvision 60 ft., life sight 20 ft., low-light vision; Perception 
+27 
Aura fear (60 ft. radius, DC 24) 
Languages Abyssal, Common, Dark Folk, Infernal 
DEFENSE 
AC 31, touch 17, flat-footed 29 (+4 armor, +5 deflection, +2 Dex, +10 natural); 
mage armor 
hp 151 plus false life (13 HD) 
Fort +14, Ref +11, Will +16 
Defensive Abilities channel resistance +4; DR 15/bludgeoning and magic; 
Immunities cold, electricity, undead traits 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee grave touch +8 touch (shaken for 6 rounds/frightened for 1 round, also see paralyzing touch) 
paralyzing touch +8 touch (1d8+6 negative energy plus paralysis, also see grave touch) 
Ranged by weapon +8/+3 
Special Attacks grave touch (14/day), paralyzing touch (DC 24), power over undead (DC 24, 14/day) 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 13
th; Concentration +22) 
7th  (3/day) – finger of death, project image, waves of exhaustion 
6th  (5/day) – circle of death
M, eyebite, flesh to stone, veil (2) 
5
th  (6/day) – dominate person, hold monster, magic jarF, telekinesis, teleport (2) 
4
th  (7/day) – bestow curse, contagion, enervation (2), greater invisibility (2), phantasmal killer 
3rd  (7/day) – fly (2), haste (2), phantom steed, slow, vampiric touch 
2nd (8/day) – blindness/deafness, false life (2), hideous laughter, rope trick, see invisibility, web (2) 
1st  (8/day) – comprehend languages, feather fall, identify, mage armor (2), ray of enfeeblement, shield, 
true strike 
0  (at will) – bleed, detect magic, mage hand, prestidigitation 
Arcane School necromancy; Opposition Schools abjuration, evocation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 15 (+2), Dex 14 (+2), Con –, Int 32 (+11), Wis 16 (+3), Cha 22 (+6); +2 strength from greater hat 
of disguise 
Base Atk +6; CMB +8; CMD 25 
Feats Ability Focus (fear aura, paralyzing touch), Command Undead
B, Craft Staff, Craft Wondrous Item
B, 
Deceitful, Greater Spell Focus (necromancy), Scribe Scroll
B, Skill Focus (disguise
B, spellcraft
B), Spell 
Focus (necromancy), Spell Mastery
B (spells marked by asterisks below), Undead Master 
Skills Appraise +27, Bluff +23, Craft (alchemy) +27, Craft (trapmaking) +27, Disguise +42, Fly +18, 
Intimidate +22, Knowledge (arcana) +27, Knowledge (religion) +27, Perception +27, Sense Motive +27, 
Spellcraft +33, Stealth +26; Racial Modifiers +8 Perception, +8 Sense Motive, +8 Stealth 
SQ arcane bond (ring), focused study, rejuvenation 
Combat Gear material components (animate undead/create undead [3,000gp worth], circle of death [3,000gp 
worth], simulacrum [3,500gp worth], symbol spells [6,000gp worth]), staff of abjuration (10 charges); 
Other Gear amulet of natural armor +5, cloak of resistance +5, darkskull (keyed to discern lies), 
greater hat of disguise (appears elven), headband of vast intellect +6 (disguise, perception, sense 
motive), lich’s phylactery (hidden away), magic jar focus, ring of mind shielding, ring of protection +5 
(bonded object), spellbooks (3) (41 pages remaining), spell component pouch, tender (488gp), tome of 
clear thought +4 (already read), tome of leadership and influence +4 (already read), troll fighter 
simulacrum bodyguards (4, see below) 

Spellbook 7th—control undead, finger of death, insanity, mass hold person, project image, reverse gravity, 
simulacrum
M, symbol of stunning, symbol of weakness, waves of exhaustion; 6th—circle of death
M, 
create undeadM, disintegrate, eyebite, flesh to stone, symbol of fearM, symbol of persuasionM, veil; 5th—
dominate person, feeblemind, hold monster, magic jarF*, permanency
M, symbol of painM, symbol of 
sleep
M, telekinesis, teleport*; 4th—animate deadM, bestow curse*, charm monster*, contagion, 
enervation*, fear, greater invisibility*, phantasmal killer; 3rd—fly*, haste, phantom steed, slow, 
vampiric touch*; 2
nd—blindness/deafness*, command undead, detect thoughts, false life, ghoul touch, 
hideous laughter, rope trick, see invisibility*, web; 1st—comprehend languages, decompose corpse
UM, 
detect secret doors, detect undead, feather fall, identify, mage armor, ray of enfeeblement*, restore 
corpse
UM, shield, true strike, unseen servant; 0—all but abjuration and evocation 
Encumbrance light 66 lb., medium 133 lb., heavy 200 lb.; Weight Carried 23 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bonded Object (Sp) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded object worn or in hand, you must make 
a concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A 
bonded object can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are 
capable of casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, 
including casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be 
modified by metamagic feats or other abilities. The bonded object cannot be used to cast spells from 
your opposition schools. The magic properties of your bonded object, including any magic abilities 
added to the object, only function for you. 
Fear Aura (Su) Creatures of less than 5 HD in a 60-foot radius that look at you must succeed on a Will save or 
become frightened. Creatures with 5 HD or more must succeed at a Will save (see above) or be shaken 
for 13 rounds. A creature that successfully saves cannot be affected again by your aura for 24 hours. 
This is a mind-affecting fear effect. 
Grave Touch (Sp) Fourteen times per day you can make a melee touch attack as a standard action that causes a 
living creature to become shaken for 6 rounds. If you touch a shaken creature with this ability, it 
becomes frightened for 1 round if it has fewer than 11 Hit Dice. 
Life Sight (Su) You gain blindsight to a range of 20 feet for 13 rounds per day. This ability only allows you to 
detect living creatures and undead creatures. This sight also tells you whether a creature is living or 
undead. Constructs and other creatures that are neither living nor undead cannot be seen with this ability. 
Paralyzing Touch (Su) Any living creature you hit with a touch attack must succeed on a Fortitude save (DC 
24) or be permanently paralyzed. Remove paralysis or any spell that can remove a curse can free the 
victim (see the bestow curse spell description, with a DC equal to the lich’s save DC). The effect cannot 
be dispelled. Anyone paralyzed by a lich seems dead, though a DC 20 Perception check or a DC 15 Heal 
check reveals that the victim is still alive. 
Power Over Undead (Su) You receive Command Undead as a bonus feat. You can channel energy 14 times 
per day, but only to command undead. You can take other feats to add to this ability, such as Extra 
Channel and Improved Channel, but not feats that alter this ability, such as Elemental Channel and 
Alignment Channel. The base DC to save against these feats is equal to 20. 
Rejuvenation (Su) When you are destroyed, your phylactery immediately begins to rebuild your undead body 
nearby. This process takes 1d10 days—if your body is destroyed before that time passes, the phylactery 
merely starts the process anew. After this time passes, you awaken fully healed (albeit without any gear 
from your old body). 
Undead Traits (Ex) Undead are immune to death effects, disease, mind-affecting effects (charms, 
compulsions, morale effects, phantasms, and patterns), paralysis, poison, sleep, stun, and any effect that 
requires a Fortitude save (unless the effect also works on objects or is harmless). Undead are not subject 
to ability drain, energy drain, or nonlethal damage. Undead are immune to damage or penalties to their 
physical ability scores (Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution), as well as to fatigue and exhaustion 
effects. Undead are not at risk of death from massive damage. 
     

Akoran’s Simulacrum Bodyguards 
Troll, fighter 1 
N Large humanoid (giant) 
Init +4; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision, scent; Perception +7 
Languages Giant 
DFENSE 
AC 22, touch 13, flat-footed 18 (+4 armor, +4 Dex, +5 natural, –1 size) 
hp 88 (7 HD); regeneration 5 (acid or fire) 
Fort +14, Ref +6, Will +4 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee bite +11 (1d8+7) and 
2 claws +11/+11 (1d6+11 plus rend) or 
bite +9 (1d8+7) and 
2 claws +9/+9 (1d6+11 plus rend) with Power Attack, or 
masterwork longspear +12 (2d6+10/×3) or 
masterwork longspear +10 (2d6+16/×3) with Power Attack 
Ranged javelin +9 (1d8+7) 
Space 10 ft.; Reach 10 ft. (20 ft. with longspear) 
Special Attacks rend (2 claws, 1d6+10) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 25 (+7), Dex 19 (+4), Con 25 (+7), Int 6 (–2), Wis 11 (+0), Cha 4 (–3) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +13; CMD 27 
Feats Combat Reflexes (5 AoO’s/round), Lunge
B, Power Attack, Stand Still, Toughness 
Skills Perception +7 
Gear chain shirt, masterwork longspear, javelins (4) 
Encumbrance light 532 lb., medium 1,066 lb., heavy 1,600 lb.; Weight Carried 84 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Infected Akoran uses regular castings of her contagion spell to infect her simulacrum bodyguards with the 
mindfire disease. As such, they are highly infectious to those around them. Due to their high resistance 
to the disease, repeated castings are often necessary and the above stats do not reflect any ability 
damage. 
Regeneration (Ex) Akoran’s troll simulacrums heal damage at a fixed rate, as with fast healing, but they cannot 
die as long as their regeneration is still functioning (although creatures with regeneration still fall 
unconscious when their hit points are below 0). Fire and acid cause a troll’s regeneration to stop 
functioning on the round following the attack. During this round, the troll does not heal any damage and 
can die normally. Attack forms that don’t deal hit point damage are not healed by regeneration. 
Regeneration also does not restore hit points lost from starvation, thirst, or suffocation. Trolls can 
regrow lost portions of their bodies and can reattach severed limbs or body parts if they are brought 
together within 1 hour of severing. Severed parts that are not reattached wither and die normally. 
Rend (Ex) If it hits with two or more claw attacks in 1 round, a troll can cause tremendous damage by latching 
onto the opponent’s body and tearing flesh. This attack deals an additional 1d6+7 points of damage, but 
no more than once per round. 