

Albert Franstein 
“You may think me a foul and uncouth beast from the nightmares of young children, but when you find yourself 
lost and alone, freezing to death in the night’s blizzard, you’ll wish you had hired me for your guide.” 
 
Albert Franstein was born a proud member of the mongrel folk—a race generally despised by most others. With 
the head and torso of a rotund walrus, the eyes of a great cat, the stout legs of an elephant, and the burly arms of 
an orc, however, he quickly learned that no amount of pride would protect him from the fear and violence of 
other races, however. So he too hid away from the busy pockets of civilization and disappeared into the far 
wilds of the north, where he adventures with his only permanent companion, the white tiger Frostwind, and 
works as a wilderness guide for any who might look past his appearance and hire him. 
 
Albert Franstein 
Male mongrelman hunter 8 
NG Medium monstrous humanoid 
Init +2; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision, 
Perception +16 
Languages Common, Sylvan, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 20, touch 12, flat-footed 18 (+6 armor, +2 Dex, +2 
natural) 
hp 116 (10 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +11, Will +8 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares), 30 ft. unarmored 
Melee +1 impact sugliin +15/+10 (3d6+10/×3) or 
+1 impact sugliin +15/+7 (3d6+19/×3) with Power Attack, or 
+1 impact sugliin +15 (6d6+19/×3) with Power Attack and Vital Strike 
Ranged +1 composite longbow +11/+6 (1d8+6/×3) 
Special Attacks precise companion (outflank), hunter tactics 
Hunter Spells Known (CL 8
th; Concentration +11) 
3rd  (3/day) – call lightning, diminish plants, plant growth 
2nd (5/day) – acute senses
UM, barkskin, eagle eyeAPG, speak with plants 
1st  (5/day) – animal messenger, call animal, commune with birds, entangle, speak with animals 
0  (at will) – create water, detect magic, guidance, know direction, light, spark
APG 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 22 (+6), Dex 14 (+2), Con 18 (+4), Int 13 (+1), Wis 16 (+3), Cha 6 (–2) 
Base Atk +8; CMB +14; CMD 26 
Feats Furious Focus, Improved Spell Sharing
B (variable), LookoutB, OutflankB, Power Attack, Skill Focus 
(stealth), Stealth Synergy, Vital Strike 
Skills Handle Animal +13 (+17 with animal companion), Heal +16, Knowledge (geography) +14, Knowledge 
(nature) +12, Perception +16, Sleight of Hand +4 (untrained), Stealth +23, Survival +16 (+20 when 
tracking); Armor Check Penalty −2; Racial Bonuses +4 Sleight of Hand, +4 Stealth 
SQ animal focus (8 minutes/day), improved empathic link, nature training, second animal focus, swift 
tracker, track +4, wild empathy +8, woodland stride 
Combat Gear arrows (20), pheromone arrows (20), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear +1 
adaptive composite longbow, +1 impact sugliin (as earth breaker), +2 hide armor, hunter’s kit, ring of 
sacred mistletoe, tender (35gp) 
Encumbrance light 306 lb., medium 613 lb., heavy 920 lb.; Weight Carried 71 lb. 3 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 

Animal Focus (Su) You can take on the aspect of an animal as a swift action. You must select one type of 
animal to emulate, gaining a bonus or special ability based on the type of animal emulated and your 
hunter level. You can use this ability for a number of minutes per day equal to your hunter level. This 
duration does not need to be consecutive, but must be spent in 1-minute increments. You can emulate 
only one animal at a time. You can also apply one of these aspects to your animal companion. Unlike 
with yourself, there is no duration on the animal aspect applied to your animal companion. An aspect 
applied in this way does not count against your minutes of duration per day—it remains in effect until 
you change it. The companion’s aspect can be the same aspect you have taken on or a different one. You 
can select or change the animal foci on both yourself and your animal companion as part of the same 
swift action. If your animal companion is dead, you can apply your companion’s animal focus to 
yourself instead of your animal companion. This is in addition to the normal one you can choose, and (as 
with a companion’s focus) remains in effect until you change it instead of counting against your minutes 
per day. A list of animal aspects are shown below. 
Hunter Tactics (Ex) You automatically grant your teamwork feats to your animal companion. The companion 
doesn’t need to meet the prerequisites of these teamwork feats. 
Improved Empathic Link (Su) You gain an empathic link with your animal companion out to one mile. You 
can communicate empathically with your animal companion and can also see through a companion’s 
eyes as a swift action, maintaining this connection as long as you like (as long as the companion is 
within 1 mile) and ending it as a free action. You are blinded while maintaining this connection. 
Because of the link’s limited nature, only general emotions can be shared. You have the same 
connection to an item or place that your animal companion does. 
Nature Training (Ex) You count your total hunter level as both druid levels and ranger levels for the purpose 
of qualifying for feats, traits, and options that modify or improve an animal companion. 
Second Animal Focus (Su) Whenever you use your animal focus ability, you select two different animal 
aspects for yourself instead of one, and can assign two aspects to your animal companion instead of one. 
As with the companion’s previous aspect, the second one does not count against the minutes per day you 
can take on an aspect. If your animal companion is dead and you have applied the companion’s animal 
aspect to yourself, that aspect does not count toward your maximum of two aspects at once. You can still 
apply only one of your dead companion’s aspects to yourself, not both. 
Swift Tracker (Ex) You can move at your normal speed while using Survival to follow tracks without taking 
the normal −5 penalty. You take only a −10 penalty (instead of the normal −20) when moving at up to 
twice normal speed while tracking. 
Teamwork Feat As a standard action, you can choose to learn a new bonus teamwork feat in place of the most 
recent bonus teamwork feat you have already learned. In effect, you lose the bonus feat in exchange for 
the new one. You can change only the most recent teamwork feat gained, and must meet the 
prerequisites for the newly selected feat. You can change your most recent teamwork feat a number of 
times per day equal to your Wisdom modifier (minimum 1). Whenever you gain a new teamwork feat, 
your previous teamwork feats become permanent. 
Track (Ex) You add ½ your hunter level to Survival skill checks made to follow tracks. 
Wild Empathy (Ex) You can improve the initial attitude of an animal. This ability functions as a Diplomacy 
check to improve the attitude of a person, but you roll 1d20 and add your hunter level and your 
Charisma modifier to determine the wild empathy check result. The typical domestic animal has a 
starting attitude of indifferent, while wild animals are usually unfriendly. To use wild empathy, you and 
the animal must be within 30 feet of one another under normal conditions. Generally, influencing an 
animal in this way takes 1 minute but, as with influencing people, it might take more or less time. You 
can also use this ability to influence a magical beast with an Intelligence score of 1 or 2, but you take a 
−4 penalty on the check. 
Woodland Stride (Ex) You and your animal companion may move through any sort of undergrowth (such as 
natural thorns, briars, overgrown areas, and similar terrain) at your normal speed and without taking 
damage or suffering any other impairment. Thorns, briars, and overgrown areas that are enchanted or 
magically manipulated to impede motion will still affect you and your animal companion. 
 

Frostwind 
Tiger Animal Companion 
N Large animal 
Init +3; Senses low-light vision, scent; Perception +6 
DEFENSE 
AC 19, touch 12, flat-footed 16 (+3 Dex, +7 natural, −1 size) 
hp 52 (7 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +8, Will +4; +4 vs. enchantment spells and effects 
Defensive Abilities devotion, evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 50 ft. (10 squares); run ×5 
Melee 2 claws +12 (1d6+7 plus grab) and bite +11 (1d8+7 plus grab) or 
2 claws +10 (1d6+11 plus grab) and bite +9 (1d8+11 plus grab) with Power Attack 
Space 10 ft.; Reach 5 ft. 
Special Attacks pounce, rake (2 claws +12, 1d6+7) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 24 (+7), Dex 17 (+3), Con 17 (+3), Int 2 (−4), Wis 15 (+2), Cha 10 (+0) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +13 (+17 grapple); CMD 26 
Feats Improved Spell Sharing
B, LookoutB, Narrow Frame, Outflank
B, Power Attack, Run, Stealth Synergy
B, 
Weapon Focus (claw) 
Skills Escape Artist +7, Perception +6, Stealth +7 
SQ animal aspects (bull, stag), combat trained, link, share spells, tricks (advanced attack, defend, down, 
flank, guard, heel, hunt, sneak, watch) 
Gear none 
Encumbrance light 699 lb., medium 1,398 lb., heavy 2,100 lb.; Weight Carried 0 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Devotion (Ex) An animal companion gains a +4 morale bonus on Will saves against enchantment spells and 
effects. 
Evasion (Ex) If an animal companion is subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex save for half 
damage, it takes no damage if it makes a successful saving throw. 
Grab (Ex) If your animal companion hits with the indicated attack, it deals normal damage and attempts to start 
a grapple as a free action without provoking an attack of opportunity. Unless otherwise noted, grab can 
only be used against targets of a size equal to or smaller than your animal companion. Your animal 
companion has the option to conduct the grapple normally, or simply use the part of its body it used in 
the grab to hold the opponent. If it chooses to do the latter, it takes a −20 penalty on its CMB check to 
make and maintain the grapple, but does not gain the grappled condition itself. A successful hold does 
not deal any extra damage unless your animal companion also has the constrict special attack. If the 
creature does not constrict, each successful grapple check it makes during successive rounds 
automatically deals the damage indicated for the attack that established the hold. Otherwise, it deals 
constriction damage as well (the amount is given in the creature’s descriptive text). Creatures with the 
grab special attack receive a +4 bonus on combat maneuver checks made to start and maintain a grapple. 
Link (Ex) You can handle your animal companion as a free action, or push it as a move action, even if you 
don’t have any ranks in the Handle Animal skill. You gain a +4 circumstance bonus on all wild empathy 
checks and Handle Animal checks made regarding an animal companion. 
Pounce (Ex) When your animal companion makes a charge, it can make a full attack (including rake attacks). 
Rake (Ex) Your animal companion gains extra natural attacks under certain conditions, typically when it 
grapples its foe. In addition to the options available to all grapplers, your animal companion gains two 
free claw attacks that it can use only against a grappled foe. The bonus and damage caused by these 
attacks is included above. Your animal companion must begin its turn already grappling to use its 
rake—it can’t begin a grapple and rake in the same turn. 

Share Spells (Ex) You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your animal companion (as a spell with a 
range of touch) instead of on yourself. You may cast spells on your animal companion even if the spells 
normally do not affect creatures of the companion’s type (animal). Spells cast in this way must come 
from a class that grants an animal companion. This ability does not allow the animal to share abilities 
that are not spells, even if they function like spells. 
 
ANIMAL ASPECTS 
Bat: The creature gains darkvision to a range of 60 feet. At 8
th-level, the range increases by 30 feet. At 
15th-level, the creature also gains blindsense to a range of 10 feet. 
Bear: The creature gains a +2 enhancement bonus to Constitution. This bonus increases to +4 at 8
th-level and 
+6 at 15
th-level. 
Bull: The creature gains a +2 enhancement bonus to Strength. This bonus increases to +4 at 8th-level and +6 at 
15th-level. 
Falcon: The creature gains a +4 competence bonus on Perception checks. This bonus increases to +6 at 8th-level 
and +8 at 15th-level. 
Frog: The creature gains a +4 competence bonus on Swim checks and on Acrobatics checks to jump. These 
bonuses increase to +6 at 8
th-level and +8 at 15
th-level. 
Monkey: The creature gains a +4 competence bonus on Climb checks. This bonus increases to +6 at 8th-level 
and +8 at 15th-level. 
Mouse: The creature gains evasion, as the rogue class feature. At 12
th-level, this increases to improved evasion, 
as the rogue advanced talent. 
Owl: The creature gains a +4 competence bonus on Stealth checks. This bonus increases to +6 at 8
th-level and 
+8 at 15
th-level. 
Snake: The creature gains a +2 bonus on attack rolls when making attacks of opportunity and a +2 dodge bonus 
to AC against attacks of opportunity. These bonuses increase to +4 at 8th-level and +6 at 15th-level. 
Stag: The creature gains a 5-foot enhancement bonus to its base land speed. This bonus increases to 10 feet at 
8
th-level and 20 feet at 15th-level. 
Tiger: The creature gains a +2 enhancement bonus to Dexterity. This bonus increases to +4 at 8th-level and +6 
at 15
th-level. 
Wolf: The creature gains the scent ability with a range of 10 feet. The range of this sense increases to 20 feet at 
8th-level and 30 feet at 15
th-level. The range doubles if the opponent is upwind, and is halved if the 
opponent is downwind. 
 
HUNTER’S KIT 
This kit includes a backpack, a bedroll, a belt pouch, a flint and steel, an iron pot, a mess kit, rope, torches (10), 
trail rations (5 days), and a waterskin. 