

Alleunti Dilesi, the Great Deceiver 
“If you knew what I know about those abominable fiends, you would abandon your 
silly crusades and spend what time you have left with those closest to you. That is 
why I seldom speak of such things—for the sake of the world, for the sake of hope.” 
 
Lady Dilesi is a product of the Worldwound incursion. Having lived in Sarkoris as 
the adopted daughter of a tribal witch who foresaw a time of chaos and a thinning 
of the borders between realities, Alleunti was raised under the shadow of 
cataclysm. Despite this advanced knowledge, it was mere happenstance that she 
came to see firsthand the formation of the mile-long cosmic blight, rimmed by jet 
black flames, southwest of the city of Iz—what would later become known as the 
very birthplace of the Worldwound. Due to her close proximity to the event, the 
immense energies involved in its initial formation would change her forever, 
imbuing her with mythic power and granting her a glimpse of the abyss beyond. 
 
Confused and terrified of what she had seen, and of the strange, inescapable 
energies coalescing about her young form, Alleunti fled in the hopes of warning the nearby citizens of Iz. She 
never made it, however, as her still glowing form attracted the attention of one of the first fiends to step forth 
from the nightmare beyond. Before she got very far, she was intercepted and captured by a possessing demon. 
Her body was then used for many long decades to spy on mortal-kind and to commit a multitude of horrific 
atrocities. The fiend eventually abandoned her tortured body, having transformed it into a spent and useless 
husk, and left her for dead. Nevertheless, she managed to endure. Lost and left wondering alone in an 
ever-growing wasteland, she eventually stumbled into the front lines of what would later be known as the First 
Mendevian Crusade. 
 
Due to her terrible ordeal and the years of exposure to fiends, Alleunti had learned more about demon-kind than 
most great sages could ever hope to learn in a dozen lifetimes. Nevertheless, the experience robbed her of her 
youth and left her emotionally and mentally scarred. Having lost her home and family to the demonic incursions 
of the abyss, she continued to wonder the growing blight as a paranoid, forlorn elf hermit for nearly a century—
ever fearful that those she encountered were demon-possessed, as she had been. In spite of the gnawing fear that 
she would once again be taken by those horrible monsters, she nevertheless waged a personal war against the 
fiends during that period, continuing to learn everything she could about their strengths and weaknesses, always 
expanding her knowledge and newfound power. 
 
Even with her ill reputation as a former spy for fiend-kind (having long ago earned the moniker “The Great 
Deceiver”) and as a half-mad mage who speaks in tongues, few can deny her intimate knowledge and fiery 
hatred of demon-kind, or her clear mastery of the arcane arts. She has therefore served as an invaluable sage and 
artificer to each of the five Mendevian Crusades at various points throughout their long history.   

Alleunti Dilesi 
Female elf arcanist 6 (mythic archmage 1) 
CN Medium humanoid (elf) 
Init +4; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +10 
Languages Abyssal, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Draconic, Elven, Goblin, 
Gnoll, Ignan, Infernal, Orc, Protean, Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 14, flat-footed 14 (+4 armor, +4 Dex); mage armor 
hp 50 plus false life (6 HD) 
Fort +5, Ref +6, Will +7; +2 vs. enchantment and fear effects 
Defensive Abilities hard to kill, ongoing spells; DR 10/magic vs. ranged weapons 
Immunities magic sleep effects 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee mwk longspear +3 (1d8–1/×3) 
Ranged heavy crossbow +7 (1d10/19-20) 
Special Attacks arcane reservoir (6/day, 9 max), archmage arcana (arcane surge), mythic power (5/day, surge 
+1d6) 
Arcanist Spells Prepared (CL 6
th; Concentration +11) 
3rd  (3/day) – fly 
2
nd (5/day) – blindness/deafness (mythic), invisibility 
1
st  (6/day) – magic missile, protection from evil, shield, silent image 
0  (at will) – dancing lights, detect magic, light, mage hand, mending, message, prestidigitation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 18 (+4), Con 15 (+2), Int 20 (+5), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +3; CMB +2; CMD 16; Hero Points 3 
Feats Demonologist, Glimpse Beyond (incomplete), Mythic Spell LoreM, Orator, Skill Focus (linguisticsB) 
Skills Bluff +4 (+23 to tell a falsehood or conceal information), Diplomacy –1 (+18 to change the attitude of a 
creature), Fly +13 (+16 with fly spell), Intimidate –1 (+18 to force a creature to cooperate), Knowledge 
(arcana) +14, Knowledge (planes) +14 (+16 vs. evil outsiders, +18 vs. demons; may take 10 vs. 
demons), Linguistics +18, Perception +10, Spellcraft +14, Stealth +10; Racial Bonuses +2 Perception 
SQ arcanist exploits (dimensional slide, potent magic, quick study), consume spells (1/day), crafting 
mastery, human-raised, traits (forlorn, paranoid, possessed, unintentional linguist) 
Combat Gear crossbow bolts (10); Gear belt of mighty constitution +2, blessed book (696 pages remaining), 
demon caul of fiendish lies (see below), headband of vast intelligence +2 (fly), heavy crossbow, 
masterwork longspear, spell component pouch, spring-loaded wrist sheathe, tender (101gp, 5sp), 
traveler’s any-tool 
Spellbook all core spells of 3
rd-level and lower 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 27 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Focus You gain a +2 racial bonus on Concentration checks made to cast arcane spells defensively. 
Arcane Reservoir (Su) You have an innate pool of magical energy that you can draw upon to fuel your arcanist 
exploits and enhance your spells. Your arcane reservoir can hold a maximum amount of magical energy 
equal to 3 + your arcanist level. Each day, when preparing spells, your arcane reservoir fills with raw 
magical energy, gaining a number of points equal to 3 + ½ your arcanist level. Any points you had from 
the previous day are lost. You can also regain these points through the consume spells class feature and 
some arcanist exploits. The arcane reservoir can never hold more points than the maximum amount 
noted above; points gained in excess of this total are lost. Points from the arcanist reservoir are used to 
fuel many of your arcanist powers. In addition, you can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir as a 
free action whenever you cast an arcanist spell. If you do, you can choose to increase the caster level by 

1 or increase the spell’s DC by 1. You can expend no more than 1 point from your reservoir on a given 
spell in this way. 
Arcane Surge (Su) As a swift action, you can expend one use of mythic power to cast any one arcane spell 
without expending a prepared spell or spell slot. If you prepare spells, this spell must be one you 
prepared today (even if you have already cast it); if you’re a spontaneous caster, this spell must be one 
of your spells known. If the spell requires a saving throw, any non-mythic creatures affected by the spell 
roll twice and take the lower result. If you must attempt a caster level check for the spell to overcome a 
creature’s spell resistance, you can roll your caster level check twice (adding your tier to each) and take 
the higher result. You can’t add a metamagic feat to a spell you cast using this ability. 
Consume Spells (Su) You can expend an available arcanist spell slot as a move action, making it unavailable 
for the rest of the day, just as if you had used it to cast a spell. You can use this ability a number of times 
per day equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum 1). Doing this adds a number of points to your 
arcane reservoir equal to the level of the spell slot consumed. You cannot consume cantrips (0 level 
spells) in this way. Points gained in excess of the reservoir’s maximum are lost. 
Crafting Mastery (Ex) You can craft any magic item as if you had the necessary item creation feats. If you 
actually have the item creation feat needed for a magic item you’re crafting, whenever you attempt a 
skill check to create that item, roll twice and use the higher result, and you make twice as much progress 
on the item for any time spent. This ability does not reduce the item’s cost or any other requirements. 
Dimensional Slide (Su) You can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to create a dimensional crack that 
you can step through to reach another location. This ability is used as part of a move action or withdraw 
action, allowing you to move up to 10 feet per arcanist level to any location you can see. This counts as 
5 feet of movement. You can only use this ability once per round. You do not provoke attacks of 
opportunity when moving in this way, but any other movement you attempt as part of your move action 
provokes as normal. 
Forlorn You gain a +1 trait bonus to Fortitude saves. 
Glimpse Beyond You gain a +2 bonus on Knowledge (dungeoneering) checks to identify the vulnerabilities 
and powers of aberrations, Knowledge (planes) checks to identify the vulnerabilities and powers of evil 
outsiders, and Knowledge (religion) checks to identify the vulnerabilities and powers of undead, and you 
can make such checks untrained. If you have 10 or more ranks in any of these Knowledge skills, the 
bonus increases to +4 for the appropriate skill. In addition, you gain a +2 bonus on saves against fear 
effects. If you are ever killed or driven insane (as determined by the GM) by an aberration, evil outsider, 
or undead your mind is left permanently marked. From that point forward, any sane creature that 
attempts to read your thoughts takes 1d6 points of Wisdom damage (Will DC 10 + 1/2 your level + your 
Charisma modified negates). In addition, the effect of any ability damage, ability drain, or penalty to 
your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma is halved (minimum 1). You take a –2 penalty on Will saving 
throws. Whenever you roll a save against a mind-affecting effect, roll twice and keep the better result. 
Hard to Kill (Ex) Whenever you’re below 0 hit points, you automatically stabilize without needing to attempt a 
Constitution check. If you have an ability that allows you to act while below 0 hit points, you still lose 
hit points for taking actions, as specified by that ability. Bleed damage still causes you to lose hit points 
when below 0 hit points. In addition, you don’t die until your total number of negative hit points is equal 
to or greater than double your Constitution score. 
Ongoing Spells You regularly cast the following spells upon yourself while adventuring, using your arcane 
reservoir to re-prepare spells as necessary, and their effects are included above where appropriate 
(though their resource cost is not): darkvision, false life, mage armor, protection from arrows. 
Paranoid Anyone who attempts an aid another action of any type to assist you must succeed at a DC 15 check 
instead of the normal DC 10 check. 
Possessed Once per day, you can attempt a Knowledge check of your choice even if you are not trained in that 
skill and it is not usually possible to use that skill untrained. If you can normally use that skill untrained, 
you gain a +2 trait bonus on the check. 
Potent Magic (Su) Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to increase the caster level of a 
spell, the caster level increases by 2 instead of 1. Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane 
reservoir to increase the spell’s DC, it increases by 2 instead of 1. 

Quick Study (Ex) You can prepare a spell in place of an existing spell by expending 1 point from your arcane 
reservoir. Using this ability is a full-round action that provokes an attack of opportunity. You must be 
able to reference her spellbook when using this ability. The spell prepared must be of the same level as 
the spell being replaced. 
Unintentional Linguist You gain a +1 trait bonus on all Linguistics checks, and you begin play knowing 
Protean. 
 
DEMON CAUL OF FIENDISH LIES 
Aura moderate transmutation; CL 6
th 

Slot head; Price 2,500gp; Weight 1 lb. 
DESCRIPTION 
An elaborate caul hat made from mithral wire, precious gems, and the bones of fiends great and small, the 
demon caul of fiendish lies is a unique magical headpiece that grants its wearer uncanny abilities of deceit. It 
magically adheres to the wearer’s scalp, granting the subject a distinctly demonic appearance and making 
accidental removal virtually impossible. When worn, this caul conceals emotions that might be betrayed by 
one’s facial expression behind a calm façade and transforms one’s voice into a cold, heartless monotone, 
granting a +5 competence bonus on all Bluff checks. 
CONSTRUCTION 
Requirements Craft Wondrous Item, innocence; Cost 1,250gp 