

Angol Ceredir 
Male elf abjurer 15 
N Medium humanoid (elf) 
Init +3; Senses all-around vision, arcane sight, darkvision 120 ft., low-light vision, see 
invisibility; Perception +23 
Languages Aboleth, Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Dark Folk, 
Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Gnome, Gnoll, Goblin, Halfling, Ignan, 
Infernal, Orc, Sylvan, Terran, Undercommon; tongues 
DEFENSE 
AC 18, touch 13, flat-footed 15 (+5 armor, +3 Dex) 
hp 84 plus greater false life (15 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +12, Will +15; +4 vs. mind affecting effects, +2 vs. enchantments 
Defensive Abilities energy absorption (45/day); DR 2/piercing or slashing; DR 10/magic 
vs. ranged weapons; Immune divination, drowning, flanking, magic sleep effects, 
pain effects; Resist crushing half, energy 10 (any one); SR 18 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good), swim 30 ft.; overland flight, ride the waves 
Melee longsword +7/+2 (1d8/19-20) 
Ranged longbow +10/+5 (1d8/×3) 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 15
th, or CL 23rd to overcome SR; Concentration +24) 
8th  (3/day) – mind blank, moment of prescience, summon monster VIII 
7th  (4/day) – elemental body IV, finger of death, mass hold person, spell turning/waves of exhaustion 
6th  (5/day) – beast shape IV, chain lightning, disintegrate, freezing sphere/globe of invulnerability, 
repulsion
F 
5th  (7/day) – break enchantment, baleful polymorph/cone of cold, dominate person, feeblemind, hold 
monster, overland flight 
4th  (7/day) – dimensional anchor, enervation (3), fire shield, greater false life
UM, ride the waves
UM 
3
rd  (7/day) – countless eyes
UM, dispel magic, fireball, greater magic weapon, lightning bolt, protection 
from energy, vampiric touch 
2nd (7/day) – alter self, cushioning bandsUM, darkness, delay painUM, make whole, protection from 
arrows, resist energy, shatter 
1st  (8/day) – mage armorO, magic missile (2), protection from evil (2), shield (2) 
0  (at will) – light, detect magic, mage hand, prestidigitation 
Opposition Schools conjuration, illusion; 
O Opposition school spell 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 11 (+0), Dex 16 (+3), Con 12 (+1), Int 28 (+9), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +7 (+8 with longsword); CMD 20 
Feats Alertness, Craft Construct
B, Craft Magic Arms and Armor
B, Craft Wondrous ItemsB, Greater Spell 
Penetration, Heighten Spell, Magical Aptitude, Planned Spontaneity, Preferred Spell (teleport), Scribe 
ScrollB, Skill Focus (use magic device), Spell Penetration 
Skills Appraise +27, Craft (alchemy) +27, Fly +21 (+28 with overland flight), Knowledge (arcana) +27, 
Knowledge (dungeoneering) +22, Knowledge (engineering) +27, Knowledge (nature) +22, Knowledge 
(planes) +22, Linguistics +27, Perception +23, Sense Motive +21, Spellcraft +31 (+33 to identify magic 
items), Swim +8 (may take 10), Use Magic Device +23; Racial Modifiers +2 Perception, +2 Spellcraft 
to identify magic items 
SQ arcane bond (amulet), elven magic, ongoing spells, protective ward (8 rounds, +4 deflection, 
11/day), weapon familiarity 
Combat Gear arrows (20), focus components (contingency, repulsion); Other Gear blessed books (2, guarded 
by shield guardian), guardian amulet Beiro (bonded object, see below), headband of vast intelligence 
+6 (appraise, knowledge: engineering, use magic device), longbow, longsword, robe of the archmagi, 
shield guardian (see below), spell component pouch, tender (1,059gp, guarded by shield guardian) 

Spellbook all core wizard spells of 8
th-level and lower plus call constructUM, control constructUM, countless 
eyesUM, cushioning bandsUM, delay pain
UM, greater darkvisionUM, greater false lifeUM, lesser astral 
projection
UM, rapid repairUM, ride the waves
UM, soothe constructUM, unbreakable constructUM, and 
vitriolic shieldUM 
Encumbrance light 38 lb., medium 76 lb., heavy 115 lb.; Weight Carried 14 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bonded Object (Sp) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded object worn or in hand, you must make 
a concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A 
bonded object can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are 
capable of casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, 
including casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be 
modified by metamagic feats or other abilities. The bonded object cannot be used to cast spells from 
your opposition schools. The magic properties of your bonded object, including any magic abilities 
added to the object, only function for you. 
Energy Absorption (Su) You gain an amount of energy absorption equal to 3 times your wizard level per day. 
Whenever you take energy damage, apply immunity, vulnerability (if any), and resistance first and apply 
the rest to this absorption, reducing your daily total by that amount. Any damage in excess of your 
absorption is applied to you normally. 
Ongoing Spells You have cast the contingency and lesser astral projection spells upon yourself. Your real body 
resides in a secure location while your projection travels the material plane with Berio in tow. Should 
you ever be made helpless against your will (such as when knocked unconscious, paralyzed, petrified, 
securely bound, or forcefully put to sleep), you are immediately teleported (as per the teleport spell) to 
the nearest known temple dedicated to your deity. Your person carries upon it a note with detailed 
instructions for the temple’s priests should you not be in a position to direct them to your aid personally. 
Additionally, you have used the permanency spell to make the following spell effects permanent in 
regards to yourself: arcane sight, greater darkvision, see invisibility, and tongues. The following spells 
are also regularly active upon your person: countless eyes, cushioning bands, delay pain, greater false 
life, mind blank, moment of prescience, overland flight, protection from arrows, and ride the waves. All 
ongoing spell effects function at 15
th-caster level (and thus require a DC 26 caster level check to dispel) 
and their effects are included in the above stats where appropriate. 
Protective Ward (Su) Eleven times per day, as a standard action, you can create a 10-foot-radius field of 
protective magic centered on you that lasts for 8 rounds. All allies in this area (including you) receive a 
+4 deflection bonus to their AC. 
Resistance (Ex) You gain resistance 10 to an energy type of your choice, chosen when you prepare spells. This 
resistance can be changed each day. Unless specified otherwise, assume it applies against fire. 
Weapon Familiarity You are proficient with longbows (including composite longbows), longswords, rapiers, 
and short bows (including composite short bows), and treat any weapon with the word “elven” in its 
name as a martial weapon. 
   

Berio, the Amulet of Angol 
 
Berio (an Elven term meaning “to protect”) is the name of the 
intelligent magical amulet that Angol uses to maintain control over 
his shield guardian, and though the golem itself is often referred to 
as “Berio” as well, it does not truly possess a name of its own. The 
amulet, Berio, is actually a small fragment of Angol’s own soul 
placed into a decorative adamantine necklace from which hangs a 
flawless emerald. 
 
Since Berio is a splinter of Angol’s own personality, the two share 
many of the same goals (namely the acquisition of magical lore). 
Even so, like all intelligent items, Berio is absolutely true to his alignment (neutral) so conflicts nevertheless do 
arise with his creator on rare occasions (this usually occurs when Berio wishes to press onwards towards 
obtaining magical lore while Angol holds back, knowing better of the dangers that may lay ahead). When these 
rare conflicts do occur, they are usually brief as Angol has long ago become a master of rationalizing his actions 
to his magical servant. 
 
Berio can control the shield guardian as though he possessed the golem’s amulet himself (since he is the 
amulet). His control of the golem, however, is always superseded by whoever might possess him at the time. 
Nevertheless, Berio despises anyone who does not share the same passionate drive for acquiring magical lore 
and is quick to turn on such wearers if they do not possess a strong will. Berio may even go so far as to order 
the golem to kill his wearer before said wearer becomes aware of their ability to control the golem. Regardless 
of whether or not Berio and his wearer get along, Berio bestows one negative level upon any non-neutral 
character who dons him. This negative level cannot be removed by any means short of discarding Berio. 
Should Berio be separated from his master, Angol, for any reason, he does everything within his power to find 
his way back, even if it means having the golem wear him around its neck as they search for their lost master. 
 
The amulet, Berio, possesses the following stats: AL N; Int 14, Wis 12, Cha 10; Empathy and speech; 60 ft. 
darkvision and hearing; May use magic aura on self at will; Ego score 5. 
 
The shield guardian’s stats, on the other hand, are shown below. 
 
“Berio” 
Advanced Clay Golem Shield Guardian 
N Huge construct 
Init +1; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +2 
Languages cannot speak, understands amulet wearer 
DEFENSE 
AC 34, touch 9, flat-footed 33 (+4 armor, +1 Dex, +21 natural, –2 size); mage armor 
hp 144 (19 HD); fast healing 5 
Fort +6, Ref +7, Will +8 
DR 10/adamantine and bludgeoning; Immune construct traits, magic 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares) 
Melee +3 greatsword +33/+28/+23/+18 (4d6+22 plus cursed wound/19-20) with greater magic weapon, or 
2 slams +30/+30 (2d10+14 plus cursed wound) 
Ranged +1 composite longbow +19/+14/+9/+4 (3d6+14 plus cursed wound/×3) 
Space 15 ft.; Reach 15 ft. 
Special Attacks berserk, cursed wound, haste 

STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 36 (+13), Dex 12 (+1), Con –, Int –, Wis 15 (+2), Cha 5 (–3) 
Base Atk +19; CMB +33; CMD 44 
SQ controlled, guard 
Combat Gear arrows (100); Gear spare spell component pouch 
Encumbrance light 4,896 lb., medium 9,808 lb., heavy 14,720 lb.; Weight Carried 62 lb. 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Berserk (Ex) When a clay golem enters combat, there is a cumulative 1% chance each round that its elemental 
spirit breaks free and the golem goes berserk. This chance resets to 0% after one minute of inactivity. A 
berserk golem attacks the nearest living creature or smashes some object smaller than itself if no 
creature is within reach. Once it goes berserk, no known method can reestablish control. 
Controlled (Ex) A shield guardian that has the berserk special attack cannot go berserk as long as the wearer of 
its amulet is within 30 feet. 
Cursed Wound (Ex) The damage a clay golem deals doesn’t heal naturally and resists magical healing. A 
character attempting to use magical healing on a creature damaged by a clay golem must succeed on a 
DC 26 caster level check, or the healing has no effect on the injured creature. 
Find Master (Su) As long as a shield guardian and its amulet are on the same plane, the shield guardian can 
locate the amulet’s wearer (or just the amulet, if it is removed after the guardian is called). 
Guard (Ex) If ordered to do so, a shield guardian moves to defend the wearer of its amulet. All attacks against 
the amulet wearer take a –2 penalty when the shield guardian is adjacent to its master. 
Haste (Su) After it has engaged in at least 1 round of combat, a clay golem can haste itself once per day as a 
free action. The effect lasts 3 rounds and is otherwise the same as the spell. 
Immunity to Magic (Ex) A clay golem is immune to any spell or spell-like ability that allows spell resistance. 
In addition, certain spells and effects function differently against the creature, as noted here: A move 
earth spell drives the golem back 120 feet and deals 3d12 points of damage to it (no save). A 
disintegrate spell slows the golem (as the slow spell) for 1d6 rounds and deals 1d12 points of damage 
(no save). An earthquake spell cast directly at a clay golem stops it from moving on its next turn and 
deals 5d10 points of damage (no save). Any magical attack against a clay golem that deals acid damage 
heals 1 point of damage for every 3 points of damage it would otherwise deal. If the amount of healing 
would cause the golem to exceed its full normal hit points, it gains any excess as temporary hit points. A 
clay golem gets no saving throw against magical attacks that deal acid damage. 
Rune of Shielding This rune is triggered the first time the modified construct is attacked with a melee attack, 
ranged attack, or magic missile. The construct gains a +4 shield bonus to its Armor Class for 3 minutes. 
This is a force effect and applies against incorporeal touch attacks. 
Shield Other (Sp) The wearer of a shield guardian’s amulet can activate this defensive ability as a standard 
action if within 100 feet of the shield guardian. Just as the spell of the same name, this ability transfers 
to the shield guardian half the damage that would be dealt to the amulet wearer (note that this ability 
does not provide the spell’s AC or save bonuses). Damage transferred in this manner bypasses any 
defensive abilities (such as immunity or damage reduction) the golem possesses. 
Spell Storing (Sp) A shield guardian can store one spell of 4th-level or lower that is cast into it by another 
creature. It “casts” this spell when commanded to do so or when a predefined situation arises. Once this 
spell is used, the shield guardian can store another spell (or the same spell again). Angol often grants his 
golem the benefits of vitriolic shield. 
Weapon Modification This modified construct has a +1 huge greatsword and a +1 adaptive huge composite 
longbow built into its construction. It may use both of these weapons (they morph out of the clay in its 
arms whenever desired as a free action) as though it were proficient in them. 