

Ariel Grimsby 
Female undine shaman 12 (speaker for the past) 
CG Medium humanoid/outsider (human, native) 
Init +11 (may roll thrice); Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +22 
Languages Aquan, Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 30, touch 20, flat-footed 25 (+8 armor, +5 deflection, +5 Dex, +2 
shield); spirit shield 
hp 98 plus greater false life (12 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +13, Will +20 
Immune drowning; Resist cold 5 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), swim 30 ft. 
Melee +1 guided quenching dagger +16/+11 (1d4+9/19-20) or 
+1 guided quenching quarterstaff +16/+11 (1d6+8 plus hydraulic 
pushAPG) 
Ranged +1 guided quenching dagger +16 (1d6+9/19-20) 
Special Attacks fluid master (6d4, 3/day), hexes (chant, fetish, fortune, misfortune, water sight), wave strike 
1d6+6 (5/day) 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 12
th; Concentration +19) 
1/day – hydraulic pushAPG 
Shaman Spells Prepared (CL 12
th; Concentration +19) 
6th  (4/day) – antilife shell, cone of cold, coral wall (as wall of stone), fluid form
APG S 
5th  (5/day) – breath of life, control winds, dominate person, geyserAPG S, telekinesis 
4th  (5/day) – control water, greater false life
UM, restorationM, slowing mud
ACG, wall of iceS 
3rd  (7/day) – bestow curse, blindness/deafness, heroism (2), stinking cloud (2), water breathing
S 
2nd (7/day) – barkskin, fog cloud (2), hold person (2), slipstream
APG S, spiritual weapon 
1st  (7/day) – bless, coral shield (2, as stone shieldARG), endure elements, hydraulic pushAPG S, wave 
shieldACG (2) 
0  (4/day) – create water, detect magic, guidance, mending 
S Spirit Magic Spell; Spirit waves 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 20 (+5), Con 14 (+2), Int 12 (+1), Wis 24 (+7), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +8; CMD 28 
Feats Ability Focus (misfortune), Craft Staff, Craft Wondrous Item
B, Forge Ring, Improved Initiative, Spirit 
Talker, Spiritual Guardian 
Skills Knowledge (nature) +16, Perception +22, Spellcraft +16 (+20 to identify magical items), Swim +23 (may 
take 10), Survival +22, Use Magic Device +17; Racial Modifiers +8 Swim 
SQ hydrated vitality, mostly human, mysteries of the past, revelations of the past (phantom touch, spirit 
shield, temporal celerity), spirit magic, traits (reactionary, river rat) 
Combat Gear focus components (contingency), material components (restoration [500gp worth]), wand of 
cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear belt of incredible dexterity +4 (doubles as chain belt), 
cloak of resistance +5, headband of inspired wisdom +4, holy symbol, pearls of power (1st 4, 2nd 3), 
ring of force shield, ring of protection +5, seashell jewelry (worth 250gp), spell component pouch, staff 
of weather (doubles as a +1 guided quarterstaff with undine weaponshaft), tender (233gp) 
Encumbrance light 19 lb. 8 oz., medium 39 lb. 12 oz., heavy 60 lb.; Weight Carried 9 lb. 1 oz. (excluding 
tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Chant (Su) You can chant as a move action. Any creature within 30 feet that is under the effect of your fortune 
or misfortune hex has that effect’s duration extended by 1 round. 

Contingencies/Ongoing Spells You have cast the contingency spell upon yourself. If ever targeted or caught in 
the area of a spell or effect that deals energy damage, you become subject to a protection from energy 
spell against the incoming energy type. This effect comes into effect fast enough to prevent some or all 
of the incoming damage. Effects that cause energy damage, but don’t specifically target you (such as 
deliberately walking into a fire), do not activate this contingency. The following spells are also regularly 
active upon your person: endure elements and greater false life. All ongoing spell effects function at 
12th-caster level (and thus require a DC 23 caster level check to dispel) and their effects are included in 
the above stats where appropriate. 
Fetish (Ex) You receive Craft Wondrous Item as a bonus feat and gain a +4 insight bonus on Spellcraft checks 
to identify magic items. 
Fluid Mastery (Su) You gain a swim speed equal to your base land speed, as well as the ability to breathe 
underwater. In addition, you can unleash a torrent of ice and water from your hands in a 15-foot cone as 
a standard action. This torrent deals 1d4 points of cold damage per 2 shaman levels you possess, and 
pushes affected creatures back 5 feet directly away from you. A successful Reflex saving throw halves 
the damage and negates the push. You can use this ability three times per day, but you must wait 1d4 
rounds between uses. 
Fortune (Su) You grant a creature within 30 feet a bit of good luck for 2 rounds. The target can call upon this 
good luck once per round, allowing it to reroll any ability check, attack roll, saving throw, or skill check, 
taking the better result. The target creature must decide to use this benefit before the first roll is made. 
Once a creature has benefited from the fortune hex, it cannot benefit from it again for 24 hours. 
Hydrated Vitality You gain fast healing 2 for 1 round anytime you submerge completely within a body of 
natural salt water, fresh water, or brackish water. Stagnant, poisoned, or trapped water (such as an 
artificial pit or a bag of holding) does not activate this ability. You can heal up to 2 hit points per level 
per day with this ability, after which it ceases to function. 
Misfortune (Su) You cause a creature within 30 feet to suffer grave misfortune for 2 rounds. Anytime the 
creature attempts an ability check, attack roll, saving throw, or skill check, it must roll twice and take the 
worse result. A successful Will saving throw negates this hex. This hex affects all rolls the target must 
make while it lasts. Whether or not the save is successful, the creature cannot be the target of this hex 
again for 24 hours. 
Mostly Human You appear almost human, and possess the humanoid (human) type and subtype in addition to 
your normal type and subtype (native outsider). 
Mysteries of the Past You gain Linguistics, Knowledge (history), Knowledge (local), Perception, and Use 
Magic Device as class skills. Also, you add the spells from the ancestor and time oracle mysteries to 
your class spell list. 
Phantom Touch (Su) As a standard action, you can perform a melee touch attack that causes a living creature 
to become shaken. This ability lasts for a number of rounds equal to ½ your shaman level (minimum 1 
round). You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Wisdom modifier. 
Reactionary You gain a +2 trait bonus on initiative checks. 
River Rat You gain a +1 trait bonus on damage rolls with a dagger and a +1 trait bonus on Swim checks. Swim 
is always a class skill for you. 
Spirit Magic You can spontaneously cast a limited number of spells per day beyond those you prepared ahead 
of time. You have one spell slot per day of each shaman spell level you can cast, not including orisons. 
You can choose these spells from the list of spells granted by your spirits at the time you cast them. You 
can enhance these spells using any metamagic feat that you know, using up a higher-level spell slot as 
required by the feat and increasing the time to cast the spell. 
Spirit Shield (Su) You can call upon the spirits of your ancestors to form a shield around you that blocks 
incoming attacks and grants you a +8 armor bonus. You can use this shield for 1 hour per day per 
shaman level. This duration does not need to be consecutive, but it must be spent in 1-hour increments. 
Temporal Celerity (Su) Whenever you roll for initiative, you can roll three times and take any of the results. 
You can always act in the surprise round, but if you fail to notice the ambush, you act last, regardless of 
your initiative result (you act in the normal order in following rounds). 

Water Sight (Su) You see through fog and mist without penalty as long as there is enough light to otherwise 
allow you to see normally. You can use scrying, with any calm pool of water that’s at least 1 foot in 
diameter as the sole focus. You can use this ability for a number of rounds per day equal to your shaman 
level, but these rounds do not need to be consecutive. 
Wave Strike (Su) As a standard action, you can perform a melee touch attack that drenches a creature and 
pushes it away. The opponent takes 1d6 points of nonlethal damage + 1 point for every 2 shaman levels 
you possess and is pushed 5 feet directly away from you. This movement does not provoke attacks of 
opportunity. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. 
Additionally, any melee weapon you wield is treated as if it had the quenching special ability. 