

Badbella (aka Bad Bella, or simply, Bella) 
Female human geokineticist 9/mammoth rider 1 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +7; Senses Perception +0 
Languages Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 25, touch 18, flat-footed 18 (+3 armor, +1 deflection, +7 Dex, +1 natural, 
+3 shield) 
hp 173 (10 HD); maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +17, Ref +15, Will +5 
DR 5/adamantine; DR 3/– vs. small ranged weapons 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), climb 30 ft. (earthen surfaces only) 
Melee earth blade +14/+9 (5d6+13 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
metal blade +14/+9 (10d6+18 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Ranged earth blast +14 (5d6+13 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
metal blast +14 (10d6+18 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Special Attacks elemental overflow +3, kinetic blast, metakinesis (empower, maximize) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 9
th; Concentration +17) 
Defense – flesh of stone (DR 5/adamantine) 
Infusions – bowling infusion (2 burn, +15 modifier), entangling infusion (2 burn, Ref DC 22 negates), 
impale (2 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), pushing infusion (1 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – earth blast, metal blast (2 burn) 
Utility – basic geokinesis, earth climb, earth walk, kinetic cover (max 12), shift earth, tremorsense 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 7 (–2), Dex 24 (+7), Con 26 (+8), Int 8 (–1), Wis 11 (+0), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +5 (+14 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 23 (26 vs. vs. forced movement/trip on earthen 
terrain) 
Feats Animal Ally, Boon Companion, Mounted Combat, Nature Soul, Weapon Finesse 
Skills Acrobatics +7 (+10 to balance on earthen terrain), Handle Animal +11, Knowledge (nature) +1 
(untrained), Ride +20, Survival +17 
SQ basic geokinesis, burn (2 points/round, maximum 11), dual talent, expanded element (earth), gather 
power, gigantic steed, infusion specialization 2, internal buffer 1, steed,  wild coercion –3 
Gear +1 quilted cloth, +2 light wooden shield, amulet of natural armor +1, belt of physical might +4 
(Dexterity, Constitution), cloak of resistance +2, Jammaker (rhino steed, see below), ring of protection 
+1, tender (628gp, 2sp; carried by Jammaker) 
Encumbrance light 23 lb., medium 46 lb., heavy 70 lb.; Weight Carried 22 lb. 
 
   

Badbella (with elemental overflow) 
As above, except as follows… 
Init +8; Senses Perception +0 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 19, flat-footed 18 (+3 armor, +1 deflection, +8 Dex, +1 natural, 
+3 shield) 
hp 183 with 3 burn (10 HD); maxed hit points via retraining 
Fort +18, Ref +16, Will +5 
DR 8/adamantine; DR 3/– vs. small ranged weapons 
OFFENSE 
Melee earth blade +18/+13 (5d6+14 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
metal blade +18/+13 (10d6+19 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Ranged earth blast +18 (5d6+20 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) or 
metal blast +18 (10d6+26 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing) 
Kineticist Wild Talents Known (CL 9
th; Concentration +18) 
Defense – flesh of stone (base DR 5/adamantine) 
Infusions – bowling infusion (2 burn, +19 modifier), entangling infusion (2 burn, Ref DC 23 negates), 
impale (2 burn), kinetic blade (1 burn), pushing infusion (1 burn) 
Kinetic Blasts – earth blast, metal blast (2 burn) 
Utility – basic geokinesis, earth climb, earth walk, kinetic cover (max 12), shift earth, tremorsense 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 7 (–2), Dex 26 (+8), Con 28 (+9), Int 8 (–1), Wis 11 (+0), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +5 (+15 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 24 (27 vs. forced movement/trip on earthen terrain) 
Skills Acrobatics +8 (+11 to balance on earthen terrain), Handle Animal +11, Knowledge (nature) +1 
(untrained), Ride +21, Survival +17 
SQ basic geokinesis, burn (2 points/round, maximum 12), dual talent, expanded element (earth), gather 
power, gigantic steed, infusion specialization 2, internal buffer 1, steed, wild coercion –3 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Burn (Ex) Some of your wild talents allow you to accept burn in exchange for a greater effect, while others 
require you to accept a certain amount of burn to use that talent at all. For each point of burn you accept, 
you take 1 point of nonlethal damage per character level. This damage can’t be healed by any means 
other than getting a full night’s rest, which removes all burn and associated nonlethal damage. Nonlethal 
damage from burn can’t be reduced or redirected, and if you are incapable of taking nonlethal damage 
then you can’t accept burn. You can accept only 3 points of burn per round. You can’t choose to accept 
burn if it would put your total number of points of burn higher than 3 + you Constitution modifier 
(though you can be forced to accept more burn from a source outside your control). Whilst you possess 
burn you can never benefit from abilities that allow you to ignore or alter the affects you receive from 
nonlethal damage. 
Elemental Defense (Su) You have the following defense wild talent. 
Flesh of Stone: Your skin hardens like stone, dampening the impact of most attacks. You gain DR 
1/adamantine. This DR increases by 1 for every 2 kineticist levels you possess beyond 2nd. By accepting 
1 point of burn, you can increase the DR by 1 until the next time your burn is removed, to a maximum 
DR equal to your kineticist level. Whenever you accept burn while using an earth wild talent, the energy 
surging through you causes your damage reduction to change from DR/adamantine to DR/– for 1 round. 
You can dismiss and restore this effect as an immediate action. 
Elemental Overflow (Ex) Your body surges with energy from your element whenever you accept burn, 
causing you to glow with a nimbus of fire, weep water from your pores, or experience some other 
thematic effect. You receive a bonus on your attack rolls with kinetic blasts equal to the total number of 
points of burn you currently possess, to a maximum bonus of +1 for every 3 kineticist levels you 
possess. You also receive a bonus on damage rolls with your kinetic blast equal to double the bonus on 

attack rolls. You can suppress the visual effects of elemental overflow by concentrating for 1 full round, 
but doing so suppresses all of this ability’s other benefits, as well. The next time you use any wild talent, 
the visual effects and benefits return instantly. As your body becomes more and more suffused with your 
element, you begin to gain more powerful benefits. Whenever you possess at least 3 points of burn, you 
gain a +2 size bonus to two physical ability scores of your choice. You also gain a chance to ignore the 
effects of a critical hit or sneak attack equal to 5% × your current number of points of burn. 
Gather Power (Su) If you have both hands free you can gather energy or elemental matter as a move action. 
Gathering power creates an extremely loud, visible display in a 20-foot radius centered on you, as the 
energy or matter swirls around you. Gathering power in this way allows you to reduce the total burn cost 
of a blast wild talent you use in the same round by 1 point. You can instead gather power for 1 full 
round in order to reduce the total burn cost of a blast wild talent used on your next turn by 2 points (to a 
minimum of 0 points). If you do so, you can also gather power as a move action during your next turn to 
reduce the burn cost by a total of 3 points. If you take damage during or after gathering power and 
before using the kinetic blast that releases it, you must succeed at a concentration check (DC = 10 + 
damage taken + effective spell level of your kinetic blast) or lose the energy in a wild surge that forces 
you to accept a number of points of burn equal to the number of points by which your gathered power 
would have reduced the burn cost. This ability can never reduce the burn cost of a wild talent below 0 
points. 
Gigantic Steed (Ex) A mammoth rider’s steed increases to Huge size. The creature receives a –1 penalty on 
attack rolls and to AC, and a –2 penalty to Dexterity (to a minimum of 1); its base damage increases by 
one size category; and its reach increases to 10 feet. It also gains a +2 size bonus to its Strength and 
Constitution.  
Infusion Specialization (Ex) Whenever you use one or more infusions with a blast, you reduce the combined 
burn cost of the infusions by 2. This can’t reduce the total cost of the infusions used below 0. 
Infusions (Su) The following infusions alter your blasts. You can apply at most one form infusion and one 
substance infusion to your blasts. 
Bowling Infusion (substance): You bowl your foes over with the sheer mass of your kinetic blast. 
Attempt a trip combat maneuver check against each target damaged by your infused blast, using your 
Constitution modifier instead of your Strength modifier to determine your Combat Maneuver Bonus. 
Entangling Infusion (substance): Your kinetic blast surrounds your foes in elemental matter. 
Whenever a blast with this infusion deals damage to a foe, that foe becomes entangled for 1 minute. The 
foe can remove this condition as a standard action with a successful Escape Artist or Strength check 
(with the same DC as for saves against your kinetic blast) or by dealing an amount of damage to the 
entangling matter equal to double your kineticist level (the matter has hardness 0). If the foe was already 
entangled by this infusion and fails its save against a second instance of this infusion, the increased 
amount of elemental matter fuses to the ground, causing the foe to be rooted in place as though anchored 
to an immobile object. 
Impale (form): You extend a long, sharp spike of elemental matter along a line, impaling multiple 
foes. Make a single attack roll against each creature or object in a 30-foot line, starting with the closest 
target. If the result is a critical threat, roll to confirm against only the first target you hit. Calculate 
damage against each target you hit, starting from the closest. If your attack hits a target but fails to deal 
physical damage to that target, the spike fails to penetrate and the infused blast doesn’t continue. A blast 
with the impale infusion can penetrate solid barriers, but it must deal enough damage to destroy the 
barrier in order to continue through. Infused earth and metal blasts always deal piercing damage. 
Kinetic Blade (form): You form a weapon using your kinetic abilities. You create a non-reach, light 
or one-handed weapon in your hand formed of pure energy or elemental matter. The kinetic blade’s 
shape is purely cosmetic and doesn’t affect the damage dice, critical threat range, or critical multiplier of 
the kinetic blade, nor does it grant the kinetic blade any weapon special features. 
You can use this form infusion once as part of an attack action, a charge action, or a full-attack 
action in order to make melee attacks with your kinetic blade. Since it’s part of another action (and isn’t 
an action itself), using this wild talent doesn’t provoke any additional attacks of opportunity. The kinetic 
blade deals your kinetic blast damage on each hit (applying any modifiers to your kinetic blast’s damage 

as normal, but not your Strength modifier). The blade disappears at the end of your turn. The weapon 
deals the same damage type that your kinetic blast deals, and it interacts with Armor Class and spell 
resistance as normal for a blast of its type. The kinetic blade doesn’t add the damage bonus from 
elemental overflow. 
Pushing Infusion (substance): The momentum of your kinetic blast knocks foes back. Attempt a bull 
rush combat maneuver check against each target damaged by your infused blast, using your Constitution 
modifier instead of your Strength modifier to determine your bonus. This infusion can push a foe back 
by a maximum of 5 feet. You can increase the burn cost of this infusion to increase the maximum 
distance pushed by 5 feet per additional point of burn accepted. You can’t use this infusion with a form 
infusion such as cloud that causes your kinetic blast to lack a clear direction to push. 
Internal Buffer (Su) You possess an internal buffer with which to store extra energy. The buffer starts empty 
and doesn’t replenish each day, but you can accept 1 point of burn to add 1 point to the buffer as a 
full-round action, to a maximum of 1 point total. Once you add points to your buffer, they remain 
indefinitely until you spend them. When you would otherwise accept burn, you can spend 1 point from 
your buffer to avoid accepting 1 point of burn. You cannot spend more than 1 point from your buffer in 
this way for a single wild talent. Points spent from the internal buffer don’t activate elemental overflow 
or add to its effects. Similarly, this buffer can be used to exceed the limit on the number of points of 
burn you can accept in a single turn. 
Kinetic Blast (Sp) As a standard action, you can unleash a kinetic blast at a single target up to a range of 30 
feet. You must have at least one hand free to aim the blast. All damage from a kinetic blast is treated as 
magic for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. Kinetic blasts count as a type of weapon for the 
purpose of feats such as Weapon Focus. You are never considered to be wielding or gripping the kinetic 
blast (regardless of effects from form infusions), and you can’t use Vital Strike feats with kinetic blasts. 
Even the weakest kinetic blast involves a sizable mass of elemental matter or energy, so kinetic blasts 
always deal full damage to swarms of any size (though only area blasts deal extra damage to swarms). A 
readied kinetic blast can be used to counterspell any spell of equal or lower level that shares its 
descriptor. A kinetic blast that deals energy damage of any type (including force) has the corresponding 
descriptor. 
Metakinesis (Su) You gain the ability to alter your kinetic blasts as if with metamagic feats by accepting burn. 
By accepting 1 point of burn, you can empower your kinetic blast (as if using Empower Spell), or by 
accepting 2 points of burn, you can maximize your kinetic blast as if using Maximize Spell. 
Steed (Ex) A mammoth rider can choose from among the following animal companions to serve as her loyal 
steed: arsinoitheriumB2, aurochs, baluchitheriumB3, camel, cat (big), elkB3, horse, mastodon, 
megalocerosB2, rhinoceros, triceratops, wolf, or woolly mammoth (use stats for a mastodon). A GM 
might expand this list to include other possible steeds. This steed functions as a druid’s animal 
companion, replacing any animal companion or mount gained from another class. The mammoth rider’s 
class levels stack with other classes that grant an animal companion to determine her effective druid 
level. 
Utility You have the following utility wild talents. 
Basic Geokinesis (Sp): You can move up to 5 pounds per kineticist level of rocks, loose earth, sand, 
clay, and other similar materials up to 15 feet as a move action. You can search earthen and stone areas 
from a distance as if using the sift
APG cantrip. 
Earth Climb (Su): You use your connection to earth to meld slightly into stone and earthen surfaces, 
granting you a climb speed equal to your base land speed when climbing such surfaces. 
Earth Walk (Su): Because you meld very slightly into the earth, when you are standing on an earthen 
surface, you ignore difficult terrain caused by rocks, earth, or mud, and while on such surfaces you add 
your elemental overflow bonus to your CMD against being moved or tripped and on Acrobatics checks 
to balance. 
Kinetic Cover (Sp): You call up elemental matter to defend yourself and your allies from attacks. As 
a standard action, you can select one face of a square within 30 feet of you and move elemental matter to 
block that face, providing total cover from that direction. The face you select must be supported by the 
ground, and the kinetic cover cannot support more than 5 pounds of weight. Water, ice, and telekinetic 

force are translucent, but earth, metal, mud, and the like are opaque and block line of sight. A creature 
who strikes the cover can easily destroy it. Regardless of its composition, the cover has hardness 0, AC 
5, and 2 hit points per kineticist level you possess. You can have a number of kinetic covers in existence 
equal to your Constitution modifier + ½ your kineticist level. 
Shift Earth (Sp): As a standard action, you can push or pull a 5-foot cube of earth or unworked stone 
within 30 feet, moving the cube 5 feet in any direction. You can create raised platforms, stairs up a cliff, 
holes, or other useful features. This doesn’t cause the earth to float in the air, although in areas with 
plenty of earth, you can move a cube upward, creating a short pillar. If you move the earth beneath a 
creature’s feet, it can attempt a DC 20 Reflex save to leap elsewhere and avoid moving along with the 
earth. 
Tremorsense (Su): You can take a move action to gain tremorsense 30 feet for 1 round on any earth 
or stone surface that you touch. You can accept 1 point of burn to increase the duration to 1 round per 
kineticist level you possess. While benefiting from this tremorsense, your earth blasts and composite 
blasts that include earth components don’t suffer a miss chance from concealment or total concealment 
against creatures you detect with your tremorsense. 
Wild Coercion (Ex) You gain the wild empathy ability. In addition, you can use your wild empathy to 
demoralize an animal or magical beast, or force it to be friendly to you, as if using Intimidate rather than 
Diplomacy. You add your Strength modifier to these checks in addition to your Charisma modifier. 
 
Jammaker 
Male rhino animal companion 
N Huge animal 
Init +2; Senses scent; Perception +12 
DEFENSE 
AC 27, touch 10, flat-footed 25 (+4 armor, +2 Dex, +13 natural, 
–2 size) 
hp 85 (9 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +8, Will +4; +2 vs. enchantment 
Defensive Abilities devotion, evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee gore +14 (8d6+19) with Power Attack and Vital Strike, or 
gore +14/+9 (4d6+13) with Multiattack, or 
gore +14/+7 (4d6+19) with Multiattack and Power Attack 
Space 15 ft.; Reach 15 ft. 
Special Attacks powerful charge (gore, 8d6+32) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 28 (+9), Dex 14 (+2), Con 21 (+5), Int 2 (–4), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 5 (–3) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +17; CMD 29 (33 vs. overrun and trip) 
Feats Furious Focus, Improved Natural Attack (gore), MultiattackB, Power Attack, Vital Strike, Weapon Focus 
(gore) 
Skills Perception +12 
SQ link, share spells, tricks (advanced attack, come, defend, down, guard, heel, stay, track, work) 
Gear +1 studded leather barding, bit and bridle, exotic military saddle, rhino feed (4 days worth), saddlebags 
(4) 
Encumbrance light 2,400 lb., medium 4,800 lb., heavy 7,200 lb.; Weight Carried 333 lb. 