

Balasar Frollo 
“Those who oppose Iomedae shall know pain without end.” 
 
Balasar is a noble born cleric devoted to Iomedae, the Great Inheritor who 
helped to form civilization out of chaos and liberate the humanoid races from 
their barbarism. Balasar is a powerful healer, a consummate Samaritan, a 
paragon of his faith, and a completely fanatic zealot. He never tolerates insults 
against his faith and is quick to accuse such dissenters of being heretical 
heathens deserving of nothing less than a highly public execution. What’s more, 
Balasar’s station as the local judge and his lofty position within the church’s 
hierarchy gives him some leeway in carrying out such public executions. 
 
A master of subtly manipulating evidence, of bending laws to his favor, and of 
convincing the people of his community of any allegations he decides to lie 
upon his unfortunate foes, Balasar possesses near absolute control over the lives 
of his citizenry. Despite his crazed devotion to his faith, the vast majority of 
people love him for his extreme dedication to the bettering of their community. 
After all, any who questioned the morality of his behavior have long since been 
“legitimately” burned at the stake or imprisoned for their heresy. 
 
If ever confronted by an obvious superior about the high number of executions 
in his community, Balasar is quick to dismiss it with a warning, sometimes laced with a veiled threat: “If we are 
not constantly vigilant against the lawless terrorists who would dare attempt to undo all the efforts of the 
almighty Iomedae, then we are no more deserving of his lord’s gifts than the heretics themselves.” Balasar’s 
skills of control through deception are such that even fellow faithful and those of superior station are not 
necessarily safe from his potential wrath. 
   

Balasar Frolo 
Male human cleric 9 of Iomedae 
LN Medium humanoid 
Init +0; Senses Perception +4 
Languages Common, Celestial, Osiriani 
DEFENSE 
AC 24, touch 12, flat-footed 24 (+8 armor, +2 deflection, +2 natural, +2 shield) 
hp 65 (9 HD) 
Fort +8, Ref +5, Will +12 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee walking cane +6/+1 (1d6) 
Ranged by weapon +6/+1 
Special Attacks channel positive energy 8/day (5d6, DC 19 or 21 half) 
Domain Spell-like Abilities (CL 9
th) 
7/day – inspiring word (4 rounds), touch of law 
Cleric Spells Prepared (CL 9
th; Concentration +13) 
5
th  (2/day) – dispel chaosD, flame strike 
4
th  (4/day) – discern lies, holy smite
D, neutralize poison, order’s wrath 
3rd  (5/day) – create food and water, remove blindness/deafness, remove disease, searing light
D, speak 
with dead 
2nd (6/day) – bless weapon
D, calm emotions, lesser restoration, make whole, remove paralysis, shield 
otherF 
1st  (6/day) – command, detect evil, detect undead, sanctuary, remove fear, shield of faith
D 
0  (4/day) – detect magic, detect poison, light, purify food and drink 
D Domain spell; Domains Law, Nobility 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 10 (+0), Con 10 (+0), Int 14 (+2), Wis 18 (+4), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +6; CMD 19 
Feats Alignment Channel (evil), Deceitful, Leadership
B (base 20/cohort 20/followers 22), Persuasive, Skill 
Focus (bluff
B, diplomacy
B, intimidate), Toughness 
Skills Bluff +22, Diplomacy +25, Intimidate +22, Knowledge (local) +14, Knowledge (nobility) +14, 
Knowledge (religion) +14; Armor Check Penalty –2 
SQ aura of good (strong), divine presence (Will DC 18 negates, 9 rounds/day), focused study, leadership, 
spontaneous casting (cure spells), staff of order 
Combat Gear holy water (3), wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear +2 mithral chainmail, 
amulet of natural armor +2, cloak of resistance +2, hat of divine station (as circlet of persuasion), 
headband of alluring charisma +2, ring of force shield, ring of protection +2, silver holy symbol, spell 
component pouch, sunrods (5), tender (9pp), walking cane (as quarterstaff) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 29 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Channel Energy (Su) Eight times per day you may release a burst of positive energy in a 30-ft. radius burst as 
a standard action. When doing so you can choose to heal living creatures in the area (5d6 healing) or to 
harm undead or evil outsiders (5d6 damage, Will DC 21 half against undead, DC 19 against outsiders). 
Inspiring Word (Sp) Seven times per day, as a standard action, you can speak an inspiring word to a creature 
within 30 feet. That creature receives a +2 morale bonus on attack rolls, skill checks, ability checks, and 
saving throws for a number of rounds equal to ½ your cleric level. 
Leadership (Ex) You receive Leadership as a bonus feat. In addition, you gain a +2 bonus on your leadership 
score as long as you uphold the tenets of your deity. 

Staff of Order (Su) Once per day, you can give a weapon touched the axiomatic special weapon quality for a 
number of rounds equal to ½ your cleric level. 
Touch of Law (Sp) Seven times per day you can touch a willing creature as a standard action, infusing it with 
the power of divine order and allowing it to treat all attack rolls, skill checks, ability checks, and saving 
throws for 1 round as if the natural d20 roll resulted in an 11. 