

Ben “Blind” Ganji 
Male human unchained monk 15 
LN Medium humanoid (human) 
Init +3; Senses blindsight 30 ft., scent; Perception +34 
Languages Common; tongue of the sun and moon 
DEFENSE 
AC 39, touch 28, flat-footed 35 (+6 armor, +3 deflection, +3 Dex, +1 dodge, 
+5 monk, +5 natural, +6 Wis); barkskin 
hp 145 (15 HD) 
Fort +15, Ref +16, Will +15; +2 vs. enchantment effects 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion; Immune disease 
OFFENSE 
Speed 80 ft. (16 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +23/+18/+13 (2d10+8) or 
unarmed strike +23/+23/+23/+18/+13 (2d10+8) with Flurry of Blows 
Ranged 9 flying greatswords +15 each (2d6 each) with ring of telekinesis, or 
iron sphere +15 (9d6) with ring of telekinesis, or 
mwk shuriken +19/+14/+9 (1d2+5) or 
mwk shuriken +19/+19/+19/+14/+9 (1d2+5) with Flurry of Blows 
Special Attacks flurry of blows, stunning fist (15/day, DC 23), style strike (elbow smash, flying kick, 
hammerblow) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 15th; Concentration +21) 
At-will – barkskin (costs 1 ki point) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 20 (+5), Dex 16 (+3), Con 14 (+2), Int 10 (+0), Wis 22 (+6), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +15; CMB +20 (+22 trip); CMD 48 (50 vs. trip) 
Feats Alertness, Blind-Fight, Blinded Blade Style, Blinded Competence, Blinded Master, Deflect Arrows
B, 
Dodge
B, Greater Blind-Fight, Improved Blind-Fight, Improved TripB, Signature Skill (perception), Skill 
Focus (perception
B, sense motive
B), Spring AttackB 
Skills Acrobatics +21 (+56 when jumping), Climb +23, Perception +39 (+43 with hearing or scent, +44 vs. 
invisible targets, +48 with both), Sense Motive +34, Stealth +31, Swim +23 
SQ fast movement, focused study, ki pool (13 points, cold iron, lawful, magic, silver), ki powers (insightful 
wisdom, ki visions, qinggong power, sudden speed), purity of body, still mind 
Combat Gear feather tokens (bird 3), masterwork shuriken (50); Other Gear amulet of mighty fists +3, belt of 
physical might +2 (strength, dexterity), bracers of armor +6, cloak of resistance +4 (doubles as 
muleback cords), cold iron greatswords (9), cold iron sphere (weighs 225 lbs.), eyes of the eagle, 
headband of inspired wisdom +4, monk’s robe, ring of protection +3, ring of chameleon power, ring of 
telekinesis, tender (120sp) 
Encumbrance light 400 lb., medium 800 lb., heavy 1,200 lb.; Weight Carried 306 lb. 4 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
AC Bonus (Ex) When unarmored and unencumbered, you add your Wisdom bonus +5 to your AC and your 
CMD (included above). These bonuses to AC apply even against touch attacks or when you are 
flat-footed. You lose these bonuses when you are immobilized or helpless, when you wear any armor, or 
when you carry a shield or medium or greater load. 
Fast Movement (Ex) If wearing no armor and not carrying a medium load, you gain a +50 enhancement bonus 
to your base land speed. 
Flurry of Blows (Ex) You can make a flurry of blows as a full-attack action. When making a flurry of blows, 
you can make two additional attacks at your highest base attack bonus. These additional attacks stack 
with the bonus attacks from haste and other similar effects. When using this ability, you can make these 
attacks with any combination of your unarmed strikes and weapons that have the monk special weapon 

quality. You take no penalty for using multiple weapons when making a flurry of blows, but you do not 
gain any additional attacks beyond what’s already granted by the flurry for doing so. (You can still gain 
additional attacks from a high base attack bonus, from this ability, and from haste and similar effects). 
Improved Evasion (Ex) You can avoid damage from many area-effect attacks. If you succeed at a Reflex 
saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a successful save, you instead take no 
damage. If you fail, you only take half damage. You can only use evasion while wearing light armor or 
no armor and are not helpless. 
Insightful Wisdom (Su) You can spend 2 ki points as an immediate action to give another ally within 30 feet 
just the right word of advice to prevent disaster. If the ally can hear you, they can reroll a single attack 
roll or saving throw. The ally must take the second result, even if it is worse. 
Ki Pool (Su) You gain a pool of ki points, supernatural energy you can use to accomplish amazing feats. The 
number of points in your ki pool is equal to ½ your monk level + your Wisdom modifier. As long as you 
have at least 1 point in your ki pool, you can make a ki strike. A ki strike allows your unarmed attacks to 
be treated as cold iron, lawful, magic, silver weapons for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
By spending 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action, you can make one additional unarmed strike at 
your highest attack bonus when making a flurry of blows attack. This bonus attack stacks with all bonus 
attacks gained from flurry of blows, as well as those from haste and similar effects. The ki pool is 
replenished each morning after 8 hours of rest or meditation; these hours do not need to be consecutive. 
Ki Visions (Su) You often see visions of spirits or hear the voice of your departed mentor in your dreams. On 
any given night during which you dream, you can use this ability to gain the benefits of a divination. If 
you do, you spend 2 ki points from the next day’s total. 
Purity of Body (Ex) You gain immunity to all diseases, including supernatural and magical diseases. 
Signature Skill You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Perception: You remain alert to sounds even in your sleep, and the normal DC increase to 
Perception checks when you are sleeping is halved. The distance modifier on the DC of Perception 
checks you attempt is reduced to +1 per 40 feet. In addition, you gain a +5 bonus on Perception checks 
to notice or locate an invisible creature or objects. You remain alert to sounds even in your sleep, and 
the normal DC increase to Perception checks when you are sleeping doesn’t apply to you. 
Still Mind (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on saving throws against enchantment spells and effects. 
Stunning Fist (Ex) You gain Stunning Fist as a bonus feat, even if you do not meet the prerequisites. You also 
possess the ability to apply a new condition to the target of your Stunning Fist. This condition replaces 
stunning the target for 1 round, and a successful saving throw still negates the effect. You can choose to 
make the target fatigued, sickened for 1 minute, or staggered for 1d6+1 rounds. You must choose which 
condition to apply before the attack roll is made. These effects do not stack with themselves (a creature 
fatigued by Stunning Fist cannot become exhausted if hit by Stunning Fist again), but additional hits do 
increase the duration. 
Style Strike (Ex) You have learned a number of style strikes. Whenever you make a flurry of blows, you can 
designate up to two of your unarmed strikes as a style strike. This attack is resolved as normal, but it has 
an additional effect depending on the type of strike chosen. You must choose which style strike to apply 
before the attack roll is made. You can choose from any of the following strikes: 
Elbow Smash: You follow up a punch with a strike from your elbow. If the attack hits, you can make 
an additional attack using the same attack bonus as the punch at a –5 penalty. If this second attack hits, it 
deals damage as normal, but all of the damage is nonlethal. You must attack with a fist to use this style 
strike. 
Flying Kick: You leap through the air to strike a foe with a kick. Before the attack, you can move a 
distance equal to your fast movement bonus. This movement is made as part of your flurry of blows 
attack and does not require an additional action. At the end of this movement, you must make an attack 
against an adjacent foe. This movement may be between attacks. This movement provokes an attack of 
opportunity as normal. The attack made after the movement must be a kick. 

Hammerblow: You link your hands together, swinging both arms like a club and dealing tremendous 
damage. If the attack hits, you roll your unarmed strike damage twice, adding both rolls together before 
applying Strength and other modifiers to the damage. This bonus damage is not multiplied on a critical 
hit. You must attack with a fist to use this style strike, but must have both hands free. 
Sudden Speed (Su) You can spend 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action to grant yourself a sudden burst 
of speed. This increases your base land speed by 30 feet for 1 minute. 
Tongue of the Sun and Moon (Ex) You can understand and speak with any living creature, as if under a 
permanent tongues effect. 
Unarmed Strike You gain Improved Unarmed Strike as a bonus feat. Your attacks can be with fists, elbows, 
knees, and feet. This means that you can make unarmed strikes with your hands full. There is no such 
thing as an off-hand attack for a monk striking unarmed. You can apply your full Strength bonus on 
damage rolls for all your unarmed strikes. Your unarmed strikes deal lethal damage, although you can 
choose to deal nonlethal damage with no penalty on your attack roll. You can make this choice while 
grappling as well. Your unarmed strike is treated as both a manufactured weapon and a natural weapon 
for the purpose of spells and effects that enhance or improve either manufactured weapons or natural 
weapons. Your unarmed strikes also deal more damage as noted above. 