

Bread Crumbs 
“Who’s hungry?” 
 
Bread Crumbs is a lone kobold who was exiled from his tribe for accidentally poisoning their chief. Now he lives 
as a wayward trap smith creating or finding and disabling traps on behalf of various explorers and adventurers. 
Not one for direct confrontation, Bread Crumbs generally prefers to hide and use ambush tactics when combat is 
called for, relying on sniping foes with his poisoned sling bullets. Despite being somewhat cowardly,  Bread 
Crumbs is an accomplished cook and miner in addition to being an accomplished trap smith, which is generally 
enough to convince his clients to overlook his heritage and various faults. 
 
During combat Bread Crumbs usually waits until his victims are either trapped in his traps, or passed out from 
poison or sleep, though he doesn’t shy away from using a poisoned sling bullet or ladle to finish off one or two 
stragglers. If captured by enemies, Bread Crumbs begs for his life, offering to serve his new masters as faithful 
cook and slave until such a time that he can escape (killing his captors if he can). 
 
Bread Crumbs 
Kobold, investigator 1 
LN Small humanoid (reptilian) 
Init +4; Senses darkvision 60 ft., trapfinding; Perception +8 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Gnome 
DFENSE 
AC 18, touch 14, flat-footed 15 (+3 armor, +3 Dex, +1 natural, +1 size) 
hp 10 (1 HD) 
Fort +1, Ref +5, Will +4 
Weaknesses light sensitivity 
OFFENSE 
Speed 20 ft. (4 squares); 30 ft. when unencumbered 
Melee short sword +5 (1d4/19-20 plus poison) or 
sap +5 (1d4 nonlethal) or 
heavy ladle +5 (1d4 plus poison) 
Ranged sling +5 (1d3 plus poison) 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 1
st) 
1
st  (2/day) – reduce person, shield 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 16 (+3), Con 12 (+1), Int 16 (+3), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +1; CMB +0 (+3 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 13 
Feats Weapon Finesse 
Skills Craft (alchemy) +8, Craft (trapmaking) +9, Disable Device +7, Escape Artist +6, Perception +8 (+9 to 
find traps), Profession (cook) +6, Profession (miner) +8, Sleight of Hand +6, Stealth +10; Check 
Penalty –1 (–6 when encumbered); Racial Bonuses +2 Craft (trapmaking), +2 Perception, +2 
Profession (miner) 
SQ alchemy, crafty, inspiration (3/day), trapfinding +1 
Combat Gear blue whinnis poison (3), sling bullets (10); Other Gear alchemy crafting kit, cooking kit, 
cookware armor (as wooden armor), folding shovel, heavy ladle (battle aspergillum), mess kit, miner’s 
pick, sap, short sword, sling, tender (3gp, 7sp), trespasser’s boots (5) 
Formula Book 1st-level—cure light wounds, expeditious retreat, reduce person, shield, true strike 
Encumbrance light 24 lb. 12 oz., medium 49 lb. 8 oz., heavy 75 lb.; Weight Carried 73 lb. 3 oz. (excluding 
tender) 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Alchemy (Su) You are highly trained in the creation of mundane alchemical substances and magical potion-like 
extracts. When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal 
to you inquisitor class level on the skill check. In addition, you can use Craft (alchemy) to identify 
potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to attempt such a check. 
Crafty (Ex) Craft (trapmaking) and Stealth are always class skills for a kobold. 
Inspiration (Ex) You have an inspiration pool equal to ½ your investigator level + your Intelligence modifier 
(minimum 1). Your inspiration pool refreshes each day, typically after you get a restful night’s sleep. As 
a free action, you can expend one use of inspiration from your pool to add 1d6 to the result of that 
check, including any on which you take 10 or 20. This choice is made after the check is rolled and 
before the results are revealed. You can only use inspiration once per check or roll. You can use 
inspiration on any Knowledge, Linguistics, or Spellcraft skill checks without expending a use of 
inspiration, provided you are trained in the skill. Inspiration can also be used on attack rolls and saving 
throws, at the cost of expending two uses of inspiration each time from your pool. In the case of saving 
throws, using inspiration is an immediate action rather than a free action. 
Poison Blue whinnis—injury; save Fort DC 14, frequency 1/round for 2 rounds, effect 1 Con/unconsciousness 
1d3 hours, cure 1 save. 
Trapfinding You add ½ your level to Perception skill checks made to locate traps and to Disable Device 
checks (minimum 1). You can use Disable Device to disarm magical traps. 