

Bumiahma Britoris Orpheus,  
the Magnificent Lord of the Fey 
“Me, a sorcerer? Bah! Anyone can pick up a brush and paint, call 
themselves an artist even. A sorcerer is like a child with paints, barely 
understanding what they are doing. I have studied with fey lords and am 
an accomplished master of the great arts of enchantment!” 
 
Bumiahma Britoris Orpheus is the wild-eyed, eccentric, self-proclaimed 
king of the First World and all the fairy courts therein. If his wild stories 
are to be believed, when he was a young child, he was spirited away by 
members  of  the  fairy  court  where  he  lived  and  danced  for  close  to  a 
century. While still a young boy, Bumiahma tricked an erlking into giving 
up lordship over his realm, for which the erlking happily dubbed him “a 
mad genius” (a title that Bumiahma seems to appreciate) before naming 
the young boy as his immediate successor. 
 
Although Bumiahma often seems senile to others, he knows his own mind, 
and is actually a brilliant and patient tactician. Much like the erlking who 
raised him, he is willing to wait patiently, using deception to unravel his enemies’ resolve, before striking at an 
opportune moment. Even so, so ingrained into his wild personality are Bumiahma’s peculiar mannerisms, that 
they continue to persist unabated whether he is enjoying a simple meal with his “family” or when they are fighting 
for their lives against a heavy assault. Accustomed to possessing the authority of lordship and of being amongst 
the aloof fey, he rarely bothers to explain his actions or activities to others, something that often infuriates those 
around him—much to his own amusement. 
 
As Bumiahma describes it, he simply grew tired of being lord of a lawless land, and escaped to Golarion on the 
material plane through the Forestheart Rift in order to make a “big splash” before his eventual retirement. If true, 
this would make him one of the only beings to have discovered how to go through the rift the way he came. Going 
through the rift backwards had severe repercussions, however, and Bumiahma’s age has magically caught up with 
him,  causing  him  to  devolve  from  a  young,  carefree  child  into  a  wrinkly,  carefree  old  man.  Despite  this 
metamorphosis, Bumiahma remains as energetic and overactive as a young boy. 
 
Quite healthy in this old age despite his frail appearance, Bumiahma nevertheless insists on playing the part of an 
old man, either rolling about in a primitive wheelchair of his own design, or having an indentured ogre servant 
carry  him  about—a  peculiar  habit  that  often  misleads  associates  and  enemies  alike  into  believing  him  to  be 
completely crippled. From time to time he will suddenly stand up and bolt across the battlefield or dance his way 
over to a nearby platter in order to happily munch on a pile of delectable crumpets—much to the astonishment of 
astute onlookers. 
 
Bumiahma learned a great deal from his time with the fey, and is now a master of enchantments feared far and 
wide for his ability to bend a person’s will as easily as a strong man can bend straw. His faithful servant, an ogre 
nurse formerly known  as “the Scourge of Port Peril,” does little to  dissuade such a reputation.  Ever boastful, 
Bumiahma  proudly  and  frequently  calls  himself  “the  most  powerful  enchanter  you’re  ever  like  to  see.”  His 
unabashed  behavior,  obnoxious  mirth,  eccentric  innocence,  and  utter  lack  of  fear  of  anything  ensures  that 
wherever he goes, excitement and trouble are sure to follow. 
 
   

Bumiahma Britoris Orpheus 
Male venerable human sorcerer 1/enchanter 1/arcanist 10 (spell specialist) 
CG Medium humanoid 
Init +2; Senses Perception +14 
Aura aura of despair (30 ft., 11 rounds/day) 
Languages Abyssal, Aklo, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Draconic, 
Giant, Ignan, Infernal, Sylvan, Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 16, touch 16, flat-footed 12 (+4 armor, +2 Dex); mage armor 
hp 80 (12 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +10, Will +18; +2 vs. death effects 
DR 10/cold iron 1/day for 1 minute 
Weaknesses +1 damage from cold iron weapons 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), 10 ft. in wheelchair 
Melee dazing touch +4 touch (dazed for 1 round) or 
laughing touch +4 touch (limited to move actions for 1 round) 
Ranged by weapon +7 
Special Attacks arcane reservoir (8/day, 13 max) 
Arcane School Spell-Like Abilities (CL 11th; Concentration +22) 
14/day – dazing touch 
Bloodline Spell-Like Abilities (CL 11th; Concentration +14) 
6/day – laughing touch 
11 rounds/day – fleeting glance 
Arcanist Spells Prepared (CL 12th; Concentration +23, or +27 with signature spells) 
5th  (4/day) – dominate person (signature spell) 
4th  (6/day) – charm monster (signature spell), greater invisibility 
3rd  (7/day) – haste, heroism, lightning bolt (signature spell) 
2nd (7/day) – alter self, gust of wind (signature spell), knock, see invisibility 
1st  (7/day) – charm person (signature spell), mage armor, magic missile, shield, silent image 
0  (at will) – mage hand, mending, message, open/close 
Sorcerer Spells Known (CL 1st; Concentration +4) 
1st  (4/day) – enlarge person, reduce person 
0  (at will) – dancing lights, ghost sound, light, prestidigitation 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 1st; Concentration +12) 
1st  (5/day) – endure elements, feather fall, mount, sleep, true strike 
0  (at will) – detect magic, detect poison, read magic 
Arcane School enchantment (controller); Bloodline fey; Opposition Schools evocation, necromancy 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 32 (+11), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +5; CMB +4; CMD 16 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Fey Foundling, Fey Friend, Greater Spell Focus (enchantment), Leadership (19 
base, 18 cohort, 18 followers), Primal Ancestry, Spell Focus (enchantment) 
Skills Bluff +22 (+24 vs. fey), Diplomacy +19 (+21 vs. fey), Disguise +15, Intimidate +22 (+24 vs. animals, 
fey, or plant creatures), Knowledge (arcana, geography, nature, planes) +26, Knowledge (nobility) +24, 
Perception +14, Perform (dance, sing) +15, Sense Motive +14 (+16 vs. fey), Spellcraft +26, Survival 
+14 
SQ arcanist exploits (bloodline development, potent magic, school of understanding), bloodline arcana 
(+2 DC of compulsion spells), consume spells (3/day), signature spells (blindness/deafness, charm 
monster, charm person, dominate monster, lightning bolt), traits (lord of the fey, magical knack: 
arcanist), woodland stride 

Gear blessed book with bookplate of recall (295 pages remaining, buried far away), cloak of resistance +5, 
gems (400gp worth), collapsible wheel chair, headband of vast intellect +6 (knowledge: geography, 
knowledge: nature, survival), mantle of immortality, spell component pouch, tender (30gp, 100sp), tome 
of clear thought +1 (already read, mocked up to look like a spellbook) 
Spellbook all core sorcerer/wizard spells of 5th-level and lower plus compassionate allyUM, curse of disgustUM, 
delusional pride
UM, lock gaze
UM, malicious spite
UM, miserable pity
UM, oppressive boredomUM, 
overwhelming griefUM, reckless infatuationUM, smug narcissismUM, terrible remorse
UM, unadulterated 
loathingUM 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 11 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Reservoir (Su) You have an innate pool of magical energy that you can draw upon to fuel your arcanist 
exploits and enhance your spells. Your arcane reservoir can hold a maximum amount of magical energy 
equal to 3 + your arcanist level. Each day, when preparing spells, your arcane reservoir fills with raw 
magical energy, gaining a number of points equal to 3 + ½ your arcanist level. Any points you had from 
the previous day are lost. You can also regain these points through the consume spells class feature and 
some arcanist exploits. The arcane reservoir can never hold more points than the maximum amount 
noted above; points gained in excess of this total are lost. Points from the arcanist reservoir are used to 
fuel many of your powers. In addition, you can expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir as a free 
action whenever you cast an arcanist spell. If you do, you can choose to increase the caster level by 1 or 
increase the spell’s DC by 1. You can expend no more than 1 point from your reservoir on a given spell 
in this way. 
Aura of Despair (Su) You can emit a 30-foot aura of despair for a number of rounds per day equal to your 
wizard level. Enemies within this aura take a –2 penalty on ability checks, attack rolls, damage rolls, 
saving throws, and skill checks. These rounds do not need to be consecutive. This is a mind-affecting 
effect. 
Bloodline Development Your arcanist levels stack with your sorcerer levels when determining the powers and 
abilities of your bloodline. 
Consume Spells (Su) You can expend an available arcanist spell slot as a move action, making it unavailable 
for the rest of the day, just as if you had used it to cast a spell. You can use this ability a number of times 
per day equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum 1). Doing this adds a number of points to your 
arcane reservoir equal to the level of the spell slot consumed. You cannot consume cantrips (0 level 
spells) in this way. Points gained in excess of the reservoir’s maximum are lost. 
Dazing Touch (Sp) You can cause a living creature to become dazed for 1 round as a melee touch attack. 
Creatures with more Hit Dice than your wizard level are unaffected. You can use this ability a number 
of times per day equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. 
Dismiss (Su) You can dismiss a signature spell as a swift action instead of a standard action. Alternatively, you 
can dismiss a signature spell that has a duration but isn’t normally dismissible. 
Enchanting Smile (Su) You gain a +4 enhancement bonus on Bluff, Diplomacy, and Intimidate skill checks. 
Fleeting Glance (Sp) You can turn invisible for a number of rounds per day equal to your sorcerer level. This 
ability functions as greater invisibility. These rounds need not be consecutive. 
Laughing Touch (Sp) You can cause a creature to burst out laughing for 1 round as a melee touch attack. A 
laughing creature can only take a move action but can defend itself normally. Once a creature has been 
affected by laughing touch, it is immune to its effects for 24 hours. You can use this ability a number of 
times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. This is a mind-affecting effect. 
Lord of the Fey You are an undisputed lord of the fey, and creatures of the natural world fear or respect your 
authority. This homebrew trait is the equivalent to the Unnatural Revenge trait in that you gain a +2 trait 
bonus on all Intimidate checks against creatures of the animal, fey, or plant type, and Intimidate is 
always a class skill for you. 
Magical Knack Your caster level in the Arcanist class gains a +2 trait bonus as long as this bonus doesn’t raise 
your caster level above your current Hit Dice. 

Ongoing Spells If ever targeted or caught in the area of a spell or effect that deals energy damage, you become 
subject to a protection from energy spell against the incoming energy type. This effect comes into effect 
fast enough to prevent some or all of the incoming damage. Effects that cause energy damage, but don’t 
specifically target you (such as deliberately walking into a fire), do not activate this contingency. The 
following spells are also regularly active upon your person: endure elements and mage armor. All 
ongoing spell effects function at 12th-caster level (and thus require a DC 23 caster level check to dispel) 
and their effects are included in the above stats where appropriate. 
Potent Magic (Su) Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane reservoir to increase the caster level of a 
spell, the caster level increases by 2 instead of 1. Whenever you expend 1 point from your arcane 
reservoir to increase the spell’s DC, it increases by 2 instead of 1. 
School Understanding Your arcanist levels stack with your wizard levels when determining the powers and 
abilities of your school. 
Signature Spells You can cast your signature spells without preparing them, in the same way a sorcerer casts 
spells spontaneously. Even though you do not need to prepare these spells, they still counts against the 
number of arcanist spells you can prepare, reducing the number of spells of each level you can prepare 
each day by 1. You can swap out a single signature spell for another spell of the same level when 
gaining a class level. The DC for signature spells increases by 1. You gain a +4 bonus on concentration 
checks when casting signature spells. Additionally, you can apply the Dismiss, Spell Bender, or 
Spellwarp class features on your signature spells by spending 1 point from your arcane reservoir. 
Spell Bender (Su) You can bend the line of a spell that has a line area of effect up to 90 degrees at any single 
point along the line’s length. 
Spellwarp (Su) You can reduce the radius of a spread or burst effect or shorten the length of a cone. All 
changes must occur in 5-foot increments, to a minimum of 5 feet. Alternatively, you can change the area 
of effect of a cone spell to a line with a length equal to the spell’s range. 
Woodland Stride (Ex) You can move through any sort of undergrowth (such as natural thorns, briars, 
overgrown areas, and similar terrain) at your normal speed and without taking damage or suffering any 
other impairment. Thorns, briars, and overgrown areas that have been magically manipulated to impede 
motion, however, still affect you. 
 
   

Reese (aka “Legs”) 
“Yes, little snack, I know your words—now what was it you called me?” 
 
“Legs,” as Bumiahma likes to call him, was once a fierce bar brawler 
from  the  Shackles  that  was  unfortunate  enough  to  run  afoul  of 
Bumiahma in Port Peril. Due to Bumiahma’s kind treatment of the ogre 
during  his  court-ordered  time  as  an  indentured  servant—and 
Bumiahma’s  knack  for  drawing  dangerous  trouble  to  himself—Legs 
grew to genuinely enjoy Bumiahma’s company. Legs continues to carry 
his “brain” (as he likes to refer to Bumiahma) around even though his 
term of service has long since expired (along with a few of Bumiahma’s 
magical charms). He now considers the old man and the young pixie, 
Trix, to be members of his familial tribe (the latter of the two he likely 
would have been eaten long ago if not for her charm arrows). 
 
Though he is quite infamous in various ports around the Shackles as a 
champion bar brawler, Reese has recently become even more well-known for his mysterious strength-increasing 
intoxicant he calls “ogre draught,” the recipe of which, he claims is a closely guarded family secret. There are 
many who would seek to claim this secret from him by force, and it is chiefly this growing threat that has given 
him cause to befriend a powerful spellcaster for mutual protection. 
 
In  all  other  ways,  Legs  is  a  fairly  typical  representative  of  his  kind  (brutish,  stupid,  and  wholly  unafraid  of 
violating  societal  taboos)  save  three  notable  exceptions:  his  penchant  for  unchecked  violence  has  greatly 
diminished since his forced servitude under Bumiahma first began, he is now capable of speaking the common 
tongue and of reading and writing thanks to Bumiahma’s many lessons, and he is far cleaner and less smelly than 
most ogres due to Bumiahma’s constant harassment. 
 
   

Reese, the Scourge of Port Peril 
Male ogre brawler 3/barbarian 1/fighter 2 (mutation warrior) 
CN Large humanoid (giant) 
Init +1; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +12 
Languages Common, Giant 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 11, flat-footed 20 (+6 armor, +1 Dex, +1 dodge, +5 natural, 
–1 size) 
hp 92 (10 HD) 
Fort +12, Ref +4, Will +2; +1 vs. fear 
Defensive Abilities bravery +1 
OFFENSE 
Speed 50 ft. (10 squares) 
Melee mwk greatsword +19/+14 (3d6+15/19-20) or 
mwk greatsword +16/+11 (3d6+24/19-20) with Power Attack, or 
unarmed strike +19/+14 (2d6+12) or 
unarmed strike +17/+17/+12 (2d6+12) with Brawler’s Flurry, or 
unarmed strike +23/+18 (2d6+16) while raging, or 
unarmed strike +21/+21/+16 (2d6+16) with Brawler’s Flurry while raging 
Ranged chakram +10 (2d6+8) 
Space 10 ft.; Reach 10 ft. 
Special Attacks brawler’s flurry (two-weapon fighting), maneuver training (disarm +1), rage (8 rounds/day), 
unarmed strike (2d6) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 30 (+10), Dex 12 (+1), Con 18 (+4), Int 6 (–2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 4 (–3) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +20 (+21 with disarm); CMD 32 (33 vs. disarm) 
Feats Catch Off-Guard, Combat ExpertiseB, Combat ReflexesB, Dodge, Improved Unarmed StrikeB, 
Intimidating Prowess, Power AttackB, Weapon Focus (unarmed strike), Weapon Specialization 
(unarmed strike) 
Skills Intimidate +19, Linguistics –1, Perception +12; Armor Check Penalty –1 
SQ brawler’s cunning, fast movement, martial flexibility 5/day, martial training, mutagen (20 minutes, 
DC 9) 
Gear +0 furious amulet of mighty fists, +2 chain shirt, alchemy crafting kit, belt of giant strength +4, blessed 
book (a backup copy of Bumiahma’s spellbook), chakram (10), spell component pouch (a spare for 
Bumiahma), tender (150sp) 
Encumbrance light 1,064 lb., medium 2,128 lb., heavy 3,200 lb.; Weight Carried 92 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bravery (Ex) You gain a +1 bonus on Will saves against fear effects. 
Brawler’s Cunning (Ex) If your Intelligence score is less than 13, it counts as 13 for the purpose of meeting 
the prerequisites of combat feats. 
Brawler’s Flurry (Ex) You can make a brawler’s flurry as a full-attack action. When doing so, you have the 
Two-Weapon Fighting feat when attacking with any combination of unarmed strikes, weapons from the 
close fighter weapon group, or weapons with the “monk” special feature. You do not need to use two 
different weapons to use this ability. You apply your full Strength modifier to your damage rolls for all 
attacks made with brawler’s flurry, whether the attacks are made with an off-hand weapon or a weapon 
wielded in both hands. You can substitute disarm, sunder, and trip combat maneuvers for unarmed 
attacks as part of brawler’s flurry. A brawler with natural weapons can’t use such weapons as part of 
brawler’s flurry, nor can you make natural weapon attacks in addition to her brawler’s flurry attacks. 
Brawler’s Strike (Ex) Your unarmed strikes are treated as magic weapons for the purpose of overcoming 
damage reduction. 

Fast Movement (Ex) Your land speed is faster than the norm for your race by +10 feet. This benefit applies 
only when you are wearing no armor, light armor, or medium armor, and not carrying a heavy load. 
Apply this bonus before modifying your speed because of any load carried or armor worn. This bonus 
stacks with any other bonuses to your land speed. 
Maneuver Training (Ex) You gain a +1 bonus on combat maneuver checks when attempting todisarm and a 
+1 bonus to your CMD when defending against disarm combat maneuvers. 
Martial Flexibility (Ex) You can take a move action to gain the benefit of a combat feat you don’t possess. 
This effect lasts for 1 minute. You must meet all the feats’ prerequisites. You may use this ability a 
number of times per day equal to 3 + ½ your brawler level (minimum 1). You can use this ability again 
before the duration expires in order to replace your combat feat with another choice. If a combat feat has 
a daily use limitation (such as Stunning Fist), any uses of that combat feat while using this ability count 
toward that feat’s daily limit. 
Martial Training (Ex) You count your total brawler levels as both fighter levels and monk levels for the 
purpose of qualifying for feats. You also count as both a fighter and a monk for feats and magic items 
that have different effects based on whether the character has levels in those classes (such as Stunning 
Fist and a monk’s robe). This ability does not automatically grant feats normally granted to fighters and 
monks based on class level, namely Stunning Fist. 
Mutagen (Su) You can create a mutagen that you can imbibe in order to heighten your physical prowess at the 
cost of your personality. It takes 1 hour to brew a dose of mutagen, and once brewed, it remains potent 
until used. You can only maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any 
existing mutagen becomes inert. As with an extract or bomb, a mutagen that is not in an alchemist’s 
possession becomes inert until an alchemist picks it up again. When you brew a mutagen, you select one 
physical ability score—either Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution. It’s a standard action to drink a 
mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen causes you to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you a 
+2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical bonus to the selected ability score for 10 minutes per 
alchemist level. In addition, while the mutagen is in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your mental 
ability scores. If the mutagen enhances your Strength, it applies a penalty to your Intelligence. If it 
enhances your Dexterity, it applies a penalty to your Wisdom. If it enhances your Constitution, it applies 
a penalty to your Charisma. A non-alchemist who drinks a mutagen must make a Fortitude save (DC 10 
+ ½ your effective alchemist level + your Intelligence modifier) or become nauseated for 1 hour—a non-
alchemist can never gain the benefit of a mutagen, but an alchemist can gain the effects of another 
alchemist’s mutagen if he drinks it. (Although if the other alchemist creates a different mutagen, the 
effects of the “stolen” mutagen immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever 
you drink a mutagen, the effects of any previous mutagen immediately end. 
Rage (Ex) You can enter a rage as a free action for 8 rounds each day. The total number of rounds of rage per 
day is renewed after resting for 8 hours, although these hours do not need to be consecutive. While in 
rage, you gain a +4 morale bonus to your Strength and Constitution, as well as a +2 morale bonus on 
Will saves. In addition, you take a –2 penalty to Armor Class. The increase to Constitution grants you 2 
hit points per Hit Dice, but these disappear when the rage ends and are not lost first like temporary hit 
points. While in rage, you cannot use any Charisma-, Dexterity-, or Intelligence-based skills (except 
Acrobatics, Fly, Intimidate, and Ride) or any ability that requires patience or concentration. You can end 
your rage as a free action and you become fatigued afterwards for a number of rounds equal to 2 times 
the number of rounds spent in the rage. You cannot enter a new rage while fatigued or exhausted but can 
otherwise enter rage multiple times during a single encounter or combat. If you fall unconscious, your 
rage immediately ends, placing you in peril of death. 
 
   

Bumiahma’s Other Followers: Though he claims 
to have ruled over vast swaths of the First World 
with thousands of followers, Bumiahma’s power is 
much reduced on the material plane as only a few 
servants were able to follow him there. Those few 
servants  who  do  continue  to  serve  him  primarily 
consist  of  weak  fey  creatures  of  CR  4  or  lower, 
including  at  least  one  pixie  named  “Trix”  whom 
Bumiahma regards as a little sister. What’s more, 
they  rarely  like  to  make  their  presence  known  to 
any  of  Bumiahma’s  other  associates,  further 
flaming  the  widespread  belief  that  Bumiahma’s 
wild tales are simply the ramblings of a crazy old 
man.  Additionally,  Bumiahma  is  also  often 
guarded  by  dominated  individuals,  what  he 
commonly  refers  to  as  “indentured  servants” 
pressed  into  service  by  the  authority  of  the  fairy 
court for crimes against his person. Such “servants” unless irredeemably evil, are always treated well. 