

Seighlin Kurn (aka the Cracked Man) 
“I once saw all the secrets of the world. Now I see only revenge.” 
 
Seighlin Kurn was orphaned at a young age due to plague, and was forced to grow 
up on the mean streets of a bustling metropolis. Much of his youth was spent in 
hunger, or in confinement for theft. After a chance encounter with the royal vizier, 
he was adopted and given the name Kurn. Sela Kurn, the youth’s new guardian, 
was so impressed at the boy’s ability to abscond with one of his most prized and 
heavily guarded possessions, an enchanted amulet, that he took the boy on as a 
ward and apprentice (after a long and drawn out punishment). 
 
Seighlin showed a  great deal of promise,  and was instrumental in the Vizier’s 
wicked schemes to manipulate the royal family in the years to come. Eventually, 
he grew to be one of the most powerful spellcasters in the region, renowned for 
being able to conjure anything and everything  at a whim (a talent he  taught 
himself after a destitute childhood full of bitter memories). He gave himself the 
haughty title of “Creationist” and was often quick to show off his abilities (as often to help others as to hurt them). 
Though his power grew to surpass that of his master, it always seemed as though his mentor could strip the young 
man of his immense power and make him look a fool—an admonishment often used when Seighlin’s arrogance 
got the better of him. 
 
Despite his teachings, and a lifetime of many harsh lessons, Seighlin remained arrogant. It would ultimately prove 
to be his undoing. In a spell battle with an upstart sorcerer, started over a perceived insult to his pride, Seighlin 
was caught off guard, petrified, and shattered into a thousand pieces of rubble. It took his guardian years to track 
down all the broken pieces and put an end to the horrible transformation. Though his life would eventually be 
given back to him, his body—and worse, his pride—was forever scarred. Thereafter, common folk and nobility 
alike looked at him with fear and disgust, rather than the respect with which he had long since grown accustomed. 
No longer a symbol of nobility, power, and wealth, he had become a living, breathing cautionary tale—a constant 
reminder that even the strongest of nobility  can  still be brought low by  a common traveler.  In the whispered 
shadows of his home he would forever be known as “the cracked man.” 
 
Not being able to bear the shame of his humiliating defeat, Seighlin Kurn abandoned his mentor’s schemes and 
set out on a blind quest for revenge against she who had bested him. He now resides in seclusion, using astral 
projection to search the  world for the source of his burning hatred while his true body lies hidden, magically 
sequestered in a dark tomb. In his mind—every bit as shattered as his body—he truly believes that he had not 
only risen to greatness, but that he was greater than all others by divine right, that the world has somehow wronged 
him, and that things cannot be set right until the traveling sorcerer, a youthful halfling named Yiankun Lee, comes 
to know never-ending torment. 
   

Seighlin Kurn (aka the Cracked Man) 
Male human universalist 9/arclord of Nex 10 
LE Medium humanoid (halfling, human) 
Init +5; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +23 
Languages Abyssal, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Common, Draconic, Ignan, 
Infernal, Terran 
DEFENSE 
AC 30, touch 16, flat-footed 25 (+9 armor, +5 Dex, +1 insight, +5 shield) 
hp 182 plus false life (19 HD) 
Fort +16, Ref +16, Will +20 (+3 bonus vs. mind-affecting effects) 
Defensive Abilities mind blank; Immune divination 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good), swim 30 ft.; overland flight, ride the 
waves 
Melee +5 adamantine dagger +19/+14 (1d4+10/19-20) with greater magic 
weapon 
Ranged +5 adamantine dagger +19/+14 (1d4+10/19-20) with greater magic weapon 
Special Attacks dazing touch, hand of the apprentice (12/day), metamagic mastery (1/day) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 20
th; Concentration +25) 
At-Will – artificer’s touch (see below), dazing touch (see below), diviner’s fortune (see below), 
protective ward (see below) 
2/day – identify, major creation, minor creation 
Wizard Spells Prepared (CL 20
th; Concentration +28; arcane spell failure 10%) 
9th  (4/day) – astral projection
M, meteor swarm, summon monster IX, time stop 
8th  (4/day) – clenched fist, giant form II, mind blank, moment of prescience 
7th  (5/day) – delayed blast fireball, greater teleport (2), particulate form
MTT, plane shiftF 
6
th  (5/day) – chain lightning, cold ice strike
UM, disintegrate, freezing sphere, greater dispel magic 
5th  (6/day) – acidic spray
M UM, cloudkill, cone of cold, overland flight, telekinesis, wall of force 
4th  (6/day) – arcane eye, charm monster, dimensional anchor, enervation, greater invisibility, ride the 
wavesUM 
3
rd  (6/day) – fireball, greater magic weapon, haste, lightning bolt, major image, slow 
2nd (6/day) – acid arrow, blindness/deafness, darkness, darkvision, detect thoughts, false life 
1
st  (7/day) – disguise self, feather fall, magic missile (3), shocking grasp, true strike 
0  (at will) – detect magic, light, mage hand, open/close 
Arcane School universalist 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 20 (+5), Dex 20 (+5), Con 20 (+5), Int 26 (+8), Wis 18 (+4), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +14; CMD 30 
Feats Additional Traits, Craft Construct
B, Craft Magical Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, Deft Hands, 
Eye of the Arclord, Major Spell Expertise (major creation, minor creation), Minor Spell Expertise 
(identify), Racial Heritage (halfling), Scribe Scroll
B, Skill Focus (diplomacy
B, sleight of handB, 
spellcraftB), Well-Prepared 
Skills Diplomacy +33 (+34 to gather information), Disable Device +28, Fly +14 (overland flight), Intimidate 
+24, Knowledge (arcana) +30, Knowledge (engineering) +30, Knowledge (local) +31, Knowledge 
(nature) +20, Knowledge (planes) +30, Knowledge (religion) +30, Perception +23, Sense Motive +26, 
Sleight of Hand +38, Spellcraft +36 (+41 to craft magical items or learn wizard spells), Swim +14 (ride 
the waves) 
SQ arcane bond (amulet), call for aid, diviner’s touch +10, extradimensional extension, focused study, greater 
third eye, ongoing spells, protective ward +5 (8 rounds), third eye (6/day), traits (child of the streets, 
well-informed) 

Combat Gear focus components (plane shift: all), inert clones (3), lifted gear (1,000gp worth), material 
components (acidic spray 10, astral projection 10, stoneskin 10, true seeing 10); Other Gear +5 
mithral armored coat, +5 mithral buckler, adamantine dagger (concealed, DC 60 to find), adamantine 
golem (Bestiary II, page 134), amulet of magecraft, belt of physical perfection +6, blessed books (2), 
cloak of resistance +5, extravagant lifestyle (paid in advance for 4 months), greater ring of inner 
fortitude, headband of mental superiority +6 (disable device, intimidate, sense motive), ioun stones 
(dusty rose prism, orange prism), spell component pouches (2, one concealed, DC 58 to find), tender 
(800gp, 40sp) 
Spellbook all core wizard spells of 8
th-level and lower plus astral projection, cold ice strike
UM, dominate 
monster, meteor swarm, particulate form
MTT, ride the waves
UM, summon monster IX, time stop, and 
weird. 
Encumbrance light 133 lb., medium 266 lb., heavy 400 lb.; Weight Carried 24 lb. 6 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Architect (Ex) You can create constructs with the Craft Construct feat in only half the time it would 
normally take. In addition, you can apply the Extend Spell and/or Widen Spell metamagic feats to 
conjuration (creation) spells you prepare, even if you do not possess those feats. 
Artificer’s Touch (Sp) You can cast mending by expending one used of your hand of the apprentice ability. In 
addition, you can cause damage to objects and construct creatures by striking them with a melee touch 
attack. Objects and constructs take 1d6 points of damage +1 for every two caster levels you possess. 
This attack bypasses an amount of damage reduction and hardness equal to your caster level. 
Bonded Object (Sp) If you attempt to cast a spell without your bonded object worn or in hand, you must make 
a concentration check or lose the spell. The DC for this check is equal to 20 + the spell’s level. A 
bonded object can be used once per day to cast any one spell that you have in your spellbook and are 
capable of casting, even if the spell is not prepared. This spell is treated like any other spell cast by you, 
including casting time, duration, and other effects dependent on your caster level. This spell cannot be 
modified by metamagic feats or other abilities. The bonded object cannot be used to cast spells from 
your opposition schools. The magic properties of your bonded object, including any magic abilities 
added to the object, only function for you. 
Call for Aid (Su) As a standard action, you can sacrifice a prepared spell of 2
nd-level or higher to call a creature 
bound to you, including an animal companion, eidolon, familiar, personally controlled construct or 
undead creature, creature telepathically linked to you (including by telepathic bond, dominate person, or 
dominate monster), or an outsider bound with a planar binding spell. The named creature appears 
adjacent to you, or in the nearest open space if all adjacent squares are occupied. This ability functions 
like greater teleport, except the range limit is determined by the level of the sacrificed spell: short (2
nd–
3rd), medium (4th–5th), long (6
th–7th), unlimited (same plane) (8th), or unlimited (any plane) (9th). 
Child of the Streets You gain a +1 trait bonus on Sleight of Hand checks, and Sleight of Hand is always a class 
skill for you. 
Dazing Touch (Sp) You can cause a living creature to become dazed for 1 round as a melee touch attack by 
expending two uses of your hand of the apprentice ability. Creatures with more Hit Dice than your caster 
level are unaffected. 
Diviner’s Fortune (Sp) When you activate this school power by expending two uses of your hand of the 
apprentice ability, you can touch any creature as a standard action to give it an insight bonus on all of its 
attack rolls, skill checks, ability checks, and saving throws equal to ½ your caster level (minimum +1) 
for 1 round. 
Extradimensional Extension (Su) The duration of any spell you cast that creates an extradimensional space (or 
demiplane) or moves creatures or objects through the Ethereal Plane is doubled as though affected by 
the Extend Spell feat, without altering the level of the spell. Applications of Extend Spell do not stack 
with this ability. 
Greater Third Eye (Sp) You can activate your Eye of the Arclord as a swift action. In addition, you can 
expend four uses of your hand of the apprentice while opening your third eye to gain greater arcane 

sight or true seeing until the beginning of your next turn. You gain both effects if you expend eight uses 
of this ability. 
Hand of the Apprentice (Su) You cause your melee weapon to fly from your grasp and strike a foe before 
instantly returning to you. As a standard action, you can make a single attack using a melee weapon at a 
range of 30 feet. This attack is treated as a ranged attack with a thrown weapon, except that you add 
your Intelligence modifier on the attack roll instead of your Dexterity modifier (damage still relies on 
Strength). This ability cannot be used to perform a combat maneuver. You can use this ability a number 
of times per day equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. 
Improved Third Eye (Sp) You can activate your Eye of the Arclord feat as a move action. You can expend 
two uses of your hand of the apprentice ability to add the effect of arcane sight or see invisibility to the 
benefits of your Eye of the Arclord for 1 minute (or until the duration of the Eye ends, whichever is 
sooner). You can add both effects by expending four uses of this ability. 
Metamagic Mastery (Su) You can apply any one metamagic feat that you know to a spell you are about to 
cast. This does not alter the level of the spell or the casting time. You can use this ability once per day at 
8th-level and one additional time per day for every two wizard levels you possess beyond 8th. Any time 
you use this ability to apply a metamagic feat that increases the spell level by more than 1, you must use 
an additional daily usage for each level above 1 that the feat adds to the spell. Even though this ability 
does not modify the spell’s actual level, you cannot use this ability to cast a spell whose modified spell 
level would be above the level of the highest-level spell that you are capable of casting. 
Mystic Pedagogue (Ex) You add a bonus equal to ½ your arclord of Nex class level on Spellcraft checks to 
learn a wizard spell or craft a magical item. 
Ongoing Spells You have cast the contingency spell upon yourself. Should you ever be petrified, you are 
immediately targeted by a stone to flesh effect. The following spells are also regularly active upon your 
person: false life, mind blank, moment of prescience, overland flight, and ride the waves. All ongoing 
spell effects function at 20th-caster level (and thus require a DC 31 caster level check to dispel) and their 
effects are included in the above stats where appropriate. 
Protective Ward (Su) As a standard action, you can create a 10-foot-radius field of protective magic centered 
on you that lasts for a number of rounds equal to your Intelligence modifier by expending two uses of 
your hand of the apprentice ability. All allies in this area (including you) receive a +1 deflection bonus 
to their AC. This bonus increases by +1 for every five caster levels you possess. 
Scholiast (Sp) You may use the protective ward, diviner’s fortune, and dazing touch abilities of the abjurer, 
diviner, and enchanter specialist wizard classes (with a wizard level equal to your caster level), 
respectively, by expending two uses of your hand of the apprentice ability. 
Third Eye (Su) You can use your Eye of the Arclord feat one additional time per day, plus one additional time 
per day for every two arclord of Nex levels beyond 1st (three times per day at 3rd-level, and so on). In 
addition, while the eye is open, you can use the aid another action to grant an adjacent wizard a +1 
bonus to their caster level and a +2 circumstance bonus on concentration checks for the next wizard 
spell they cast before the beginning of your next turn. 
Well-Informed You gain a +1 trait bonus on Diplomacy checks to gather information and Knowledge (local) 
checks. Diplomacy is always a class skill for you. 