

Caybun Weer / Dark Knight, The 
Male human vigilante 12 
LG/LN Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses darkvision 60 ft., low-light vision; Perception +20 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome 
DEFENSE 
AC 24, touch 18, flat-footed 19 (+5 armor, +2 deflection, +4 Dex, +1 dodge, +1 
monk, +1 natural) 
hp 110 (12 HD) 
Fort +10, Ref +15, Will +13 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +17/+12 (1d8+12) 
Ranged chakram +14/+9 (1d8+2) 
Special Attacks frightening appearance (DC 19), hidden strike +6d8, startling 
appearance, vigilante talents (lethal grace, pull into the shadows, shadow’s sight, silent dispatch, throat 
jab*, twisting fear) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 14 (+2), Dex 18 (+4), Con 16 (+3), Int 16 (+3), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +9; CMB +11 (+12 with Weapon Finesse, +13 grapple); CMD 24 
Feats Combat Reflexes, Dodge, Improved Unarmed Strike, Mobility, Skill Focus (intimidate
B, stealthB), Spring 
Attack, Stealthy, Weapon Finesse
B 
Skills Acrobatics +19, Bluff +18 (+22 with social identity), Climb +18, Diplomacy +18 (+22 with social 
identity), Disable Device +21, Disguise +20 (+40 with secret identities), Escape Artist +23, Intimidate 
+25 (+33 with vigilante identity), Perception +20, Sense Motive +11 (+15 with social identity), Sleight 
of Hand +19 (+20 to conceal light weapons), Stealth +34, Swim +7 
SQ dual identity, focused study, incredible renown, loyal aid, many guises, social grace (bluff, 
diplomacy, disguise), traits (hidden hand, omen), vigilante specialization (stalker) 
Combat Gear smoke pellets (4); Other Gear +1 brawling shadow mithral shirt, amulet of mighty fists +2 
(doubles as amulet of natural armor +1), belt of physical might +2 (dexterity, constitution), bracer’s of 
falcon’s aim, chakram (highly stylized, 10), caltrops (2), chirurgeon’s kit, climber’s kit, cloak of 
resistance +3, deluxe dungeoneering kit, disguise kit, gloves of swimming and climbing, grappling 
hooks (2), headband of mental prowess +2 (wisdom, charisma; doubles as a masked cowl), masterwork 
thieves’ tools, monk’s robe (doubles as robe of infinite twine), pathfinder pouches (2), ring of protection 
+2, spring-loaded wrist sheathes (2), tender (866gp), traveler’s any-tool, utility belt (as handy 
haversack), vigilante mask 
Encumbrance light 58 lb., medium 116 lb., heavy 175 lb.; Weight Carried 33 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Dual Identity (Ex) Knowledge checks about one of your identities does not reveal information about the other, 
unless your true identity has been revealed to the world at large. You can start each day in either of your 
identities, referred to simply as social or vigilante. Changing from one identity to another takes 1 minute 
and must be done out of sight from other creatures to preserve your secret. Changing identities is more 
than just changing outfits and clothing (although that is certainly a part of it); the process often also 
involves applying make-up, altering his hair, and adjusting other personal effects. Furthermore, the 
change is as much a state of mind as of body, so items such as a hat of disguise and similar spells and 
effects that change the user’s appearance do not reduce the time required to change identities. Most 
social talents require you to be in your social identity, but you can use vigilante talents in your social 
identity. Despite being a single person, your dual nature allows you to have two alignments, one for each 
of your identities. When in an identity, you are treated as having that identity’s alignment for all spells, 
magic items, and abilities that rely on alignment. For the purpose of meeting a qualification for a feat, 

class, or any ability, you are only eligible if both of your alignments meet the requirements. Your two 
alignments cannot be more than one step from each other on a single alignment axis. If you are the target 
of an effect that would change your alignment, it changes both of your alignments to the new alignment. 
Any attempts to scry or otherwise locate you work only if you are currently in the identity the creature is 
attempting to locate (or if the creature knows that the two identities are the same individual). Otherwise, 
the spell or effect has no effect, revealing nothing but darkness, as if you were invalid or did not exist. 
Frightening Appearance (Ex) Whenever you make an attack against a foe that is unaware of your presence 
you can, as a free action, attempt an Intimidate check to demoralize the target of your attack and any 
enemies within 10 feet who can see the attack. This check is attempted before the attack roll against the 
foe is made and resolved. You roll only one Intimidate check and apply the result to all the targets. If the 
check succeeds against the target of your attack, that foe is also frightened for 1 round, in addition to 
being shaken as normal, unless the foe succeeds at a Will save (DC = 10 + ½ your vigilante class level + 
your Charisma modifier). Once a creature has been the target of this ability (either as the target of the 
attack or as a nearby creature, regardless of whether or not it was successful), it is immune to your 
frightening appearance for 24 hours. This effect is in addition to the bonuses gained from the startling 
appearance ability. This is a mind-affecting fear effect. 
Hidden Hand You gain a +1 trait bonus on Sleight of Hand checks made to conceal light weapons and a +1 
trait bonus on attack rolls when making an attack with a light weapon during a surprise round. 
Hidden Strike (Ex) You gain the ability to deal an extra 6d8 points of precision damage on melee attacks (or 
ranged attacks from within 30 feet) against foes who are unaware of your presence, who consider you an 
ally, or who are made flat-footed by startling appearance. You can also deal hidden strike damage to a 
target that you are flanking or that is denied its Dexterity bonus to AC, but in these cases, the damage 
dice are reduced to d4s. You can deal hidden strike damage against targets with concealment (but not 
total concealment). You can apply only one vigilante talent marked with an asterisk (*) to a given 
hidden strike, and only when that hidden strike is dealt against a foe that is unaware of your presence (or 
who considers you an ally), unless otherwise noted. 
Incredible Renown (Ex) While you are in your social identity, you can spend 1 week gaining renown among 
the locals of any community of no more than about 25,000 individuals (a large city) or up to two smaller 
cities of no more than 10,000 individuals each (two small cities). This could be the entire community or 
a smaller neighborhood in a larger settlement. You must spend at least 4 hours each day socializing and 
making contacts. After spending 1 week doing this, whenever you are in your social identity, all NPCs 
in the community have a starting attitude toward you that is one category better, as long as each person’s 
initial attitude would have at least been indifferent. While you gain renown in an area using your social 
identity, you also spread rumors and tales about your vigilante identity. Once you have gained renown in 
a community, you gain a +8 circumstance bonus on Intimidate checks whenever you are in your 
vigilante identity. This bonus applies only while you are near the community in which you have gained 
renown; you must be within a number of miles equal to your vigilante level. You can hold renown in a 
limited number of communities (normally one, with other social talents allowing two). If you gain 
renown in a new community, you must decide which one of your previous communities to lose. These 
effects are subject to GM approval. 
Lethal Grace (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. When using Weapon Finesse to make a melee 
attack using your Dexterity bonus on attack rolls and your Strength bonus on damage rolls, you also add 
half your vigilante level on damage rolls. This bonus damage is not reduced or increased if you are 
wielding a weapon two-handed or in an off-hand. 
Loyal Aid (Ex) You gain the service of a number of loyal allies who can help you gather information, cover for 
your two identities, or perform minor tasks. Inside your area of renown, you gain a bonus on Diplomacy 
checks to gather information equal to half your vigilante level. In addition, if you want, you can task 
your friends to help cover for you by spreading false tales of your location and activities to others. This 
has the effect of increasing the DC of Diplomacy checks to gather information about you and Survival 
checks to track you by an amount equal to your level. This lasts for 1 day, and can be used only once per 
week. Finally, once per day, you can ask your allies to perform a minor task for you. This usually 
involves delivering a message, purchasing a piece of mundane gear worth 100gp or less (which the you 

must pay for), or retrieving an object owned by you (that would be easily accessible by the ally). This 
task might take other forms as well, subject to GM discretion, but can never involve combat or danger. 
Many Guises (Ex) You can take on any number of mundane guises. Whenever you change your identity, you 
have a third option (instead of social or vigilante): you can become mundane. The mundane identity is 
not a specific individual. Each one is created at the moment it is assumed, and quickly forgotten as soon 
as it is removed. While in a mundane identity, you do not gain the benefit of either your social or 
vigilante identity, but instead appear as a member of your race, usually a common laborer, farmer, or 
peasant of any gender. Your alignment is treated as neutral when you are in your mundane identity. 
While in this identity, you receive a +20 circumstance bonus on Disguise checks to appear like an 
ordinary member of your race. Spells and abilities that are looking for you in either of your other 
identities fail while you are in your mundane identity. You must build the appearance for this identity 
using whatever clothing and tools you have at your disposal. While you can use magic (such as a hat of 
disguise), your mundane identity can never be anything other than an ordinary member of a society or 
large group (subject to GM discretion). 
Omen You gain a +1 trait bonus on Intimidate checks, and Intimidate is always a class skill for you. Once per 
day, you may attempt to demoralize an opponent as a swift action. 
Pull into the Shadows (Ex) As a full-round action, you can move up to your speed toward an opponent who is 
unaware of your presence (or who considers you an ally) and make a single attack against that opponent. 
If the attack hits, you can attempt a drag combat maneuver against that enemy with a +4 bonus and 
without provoking an attack of opportunity. If the drag succeeds, you don’t need to have enough 
movement remaining to move with the enemy. You can’t use this ability on a true ally or a willing 
target. 
Seamless Guise (Ex) You know how to behave in a way that appears perfectly proper and normal for your 
current identity. Should anyone suspect you of being anything other than what you appear to be while 
either in your social or vigilante identity, you can attempt a Disguise check with a +20 circumstance 
bonus to appear as your current identity, and not as your other identity. 
Shadow’s Sight (Ex) You gain low-light vision and darkvision 60 ft. If you already have darkvision, its range 
increases by 30 ft. 
Silent Dispatch (Ex) When you ambush an enemy or enemies unaware of your presence, you can attempt a 
Stealth check at a –5 penalty. The result indicates the DC of Perception checks to hear your attacks until 
an opponent’s first action, when the DC returns to the 
normal –10 for hearing battle. Other enemies present can 
still see the attack; this talent only prevents the sounds of 
battle from alerting others. 
Social Grace (Ex) Whenever you are in your social identity, you 
receive a +4 circumstance bonus on checks with the 
above-mentioned skills. 
Startling Appearance (Ex) Whenever you attempt an attack 
against a foe that is completely unaware of your presence, 
the foe is treated as flat-footed for the rest of your turn 
(uncanny dodge or a similar ability prevents this effect 
unless you are at least 4 levels higher than the foe with 
uncanny dodge). The foe also takes a –4 penalty on 
attacks made against you until the start of your next turn. 
Throat Jab* (Ex) Your hidden strike jabs your opponent in the 
throat, preventing that opponent from speaking until your 
next turn. (If you use this ability on the surprise round, it 
lasts until the end of your first full turn after the surprise 
round.) This prevents the target from calling out for help, 
using spells with verbal components, or doing anything 
else that requires speaking. The target cannot be affected 
by your throat jab again for 24 hours. 

Twisting Fear (Ex) Whenever you cause an opponent to gain the shaken, frightened, or panicked condition, 
that opponent takes an amount of nonlethal damage equal to your reduced hidden strike damage, as the 
stress wears upon its body. A creature can’t take damage from twisting fear more than once per round. 
Panicked creatures that take damage from twisting fear are too winded even to scream as they flee in 
terror. 
Unshakable (Ex) You add your vigilante levels to the DC of any attempts to Intimidate you. 