

Caybun Weer (aka the Dark Knight) 
Male human monk 5/inquisitor 5/shadowdancer 2 
LG Medium humanoid 
Init +6; Senses darkvision 60 ft.; Perception +20 
Languages Common, Dwarven, Elven, Gnome 
DEFENSE 
AC 27, touch 21, flat-footed 23 (+4 armor, +2 deflection, +3 Dex, +1 dodge, +2 
monk, +2 natural, +3 Wis) 
hp 110 (12 HD) 
Fort +15, Ref +12, Will +15; +2 vs. enchantments 
Defensive Abilities evasion, uncanny dodge; Immune disease 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +12/+7 (1d10+3) or 
unarmed strike +12/+12/+7 (1d10+3) with Flurry of Blows 
Ranged shuriken +10/+5 (1d2+3 plus poison) or 
shuriken +10/+10/+5 (1d2+3 plus poison) with Flurry of Blows 
Special Attacks flurry of blows, stunning fist (7/day, DC 19) 
Inquisitor Spell-Like Abilities (CL 5
th; concentration +8) 
At-will – detect chaos, detect evil, detect good, detect law, discern lies (immediate action, up to 5 
rounds/day) 
Inquisitor Spells Known (CL 5
th; concentration +8) 
2
nd (3/day) – align weapon, bloodhound, find traps 
1st  (5/day) – disguise self, protection from evil, shield, true strike 
0  (at will) – detect magic, detect poison, guidance, read magic, sift, stabilize 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 16 (+3), Dex 16 (+3), Con 16 (+3), Int 16 (+3), Wis 16 (+3), Cha 12 (+1) 
Base Atk +7; CMB +12; CMD 31 
Feats Alertness, Athletic, Combat ReflexesB, Deft Hands, Deceitful, DodgeB, Improved Unarmed Strike
B, 
Mobility, Outflank
B, Skill Focus (stealthB, survivalB), Stealthy, Stunning FistB 
Skills Acrobatics +12 (+21 when jumping), Bluff +18, Climb +15, Diplomacy +14, Disable Device +19, 
Disguise +20 (+30 with disguise self), Escape Artist +20, Intimidate +16, Knowledge (any) +3 (+6 vs. 
creatures), Perception +20, Perform (dance) +6, Sense Motive +22, Sleight of Hand +20, Stealth +26, 
Survival +12 (+14 when tracking), Swim +15 
SQ cunning initiative, fast movement, focused study, hide in plain sight, high jump, ki pool (5 points, magic), 
maneuver training, purity of body, slow fall 20 ft. 
Combat Gear poison (blue whinnis 5, oil of taggit 5), shuriken (100), smoke pellets (4); Other Gear amulet of 
mighty fists +2 (doubles as amulet of natural armor +2), belt of physical might +2 (dexterity, 
constitution), bracers of armor +4, caltrops (2), chirurgeon’s kit, climber’s kit, cloak of resistance +3, 
deluxe dungeoneering kit, disguise kit, gloves of swimming and climbing, grappling hooks (2), headband 
of mental prowess +2 (wisdom, charisma; doubles as a masked cowl), masterwork thieves’ tools, 
monk’s robe (doubles as robe of infinite twine), ring of protection +2, spring-loaded wrist sheathes (2), 
tender (20sp), traveler’s any-tool, utility belt (as masterwork backpack) 
Encumbrance light 86 lb., medium 173 lb., heavy 260 lb.; Weight Carried 65 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
AC Bonus (Ex) When unarmored and unencumbered, you add your Wisdom bonus +1 to your AC and your 
CMD (included above). These bonuses to AC apply even against touch attacks or when you are flat-
footed. You lose these bonuses when you are immobilized or helpless, when you wear any armor, or 
when you carry a shield or medium or greater load. 

Bane (Su) You can imbue one of your weapons with the bane weapon special ability as a swift action. You 
must select one creature type when you use this ability (and a subtype if the creature type selected is 
humanoid or outsider). Once selected, the type can be changed as a swift action. This ability only 
functions while you wield the weapon. If dropped or taken, the weapon resumes granting this ability if it 
is returned to you before the duration expires. This ability lasts for a number of rounds per day equal to 
your inquisitor level. These rounds do not need to be consecutive. 
Cunning Initiative (Ex) You add your Wisdom modifier on initiative checks, in addition to your Dexterity 
modifier (included above). 
Discern Lies (Sp) You can discern lies, as per the spell, for a number of rounds per day equal to your inquisitor 
level. These rounds do not need to be consecutive. Activating this ability is an immediate action. 
Evasion (Ex) If exposed to any area effect that normally allows you to attempt a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, you take no damage with a successful saving throw. This ability can only be used if you are 
wearing light armor or no armor and are not helpless. 
Fast Movement (Ex) If wearing no armor and not carrying a medium load, you gain a +10 enhancement bonus 
to your base land speed. 
Flurry of Blows (Ex) You can make a flurry of blows as a full-attack action. When doing so you may make one 
additional attacks using any combination of unarmed strikes or attacks with a special monk weapons as 
if using the Two-Weapon Fighting feat (even if you do not meet the prerequisites for the feat). For the 
purpose of these attacks, your base attack bonus is equal to your monk level. For all other purposes, such 
as qualifying for a feat or a prestige class, you use your normal base attack bonus. You apply your full 
Strength bonus to your damage rolls for all successful attacks made with flurry of blows, whether the 
attacks are made with an off-hand or with a weapon wielded in both hands. You may substitute disarm, 
sunder, and trip combat maneuvers for unarmed attacks as part of a flurry of blows. You cannot use any 
weapon other than an unarmed strike or a special monk weapon as part of a flurry of blows. You cannot 
use natural weapons as part of a flurry of blows, nor can you make natural attacks in addition to your 
flurry of blows attacks. 
Hide in Plain Sight (Su) You can use the Stealth skill even while being observed. As long as you are within 10 
feet of an area of dim light, you can hide yourself from view in the open without anything to actually 
hide behind. You cannot, however, hide in your own shadow. 
High Jump (Ex) You add your monk level to all Acrobatics checks made to jump, both for vertical jumps and 
horizontal jumps (included above). In addition, you always count as having a running start when making 
jump checks using Acrobatics. By spending 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action, you gain a +20 
bonus on Acrobatics checks made to jump for 1 round. 
Judgment (Su) You can pronounce judgment upon your foes as a swift action. Starting when the judgment is 
made, you receive a bonus or special ability based on the type of judgment made. Once activated, this 
ability lasts until the combat ends, at which point all of the bonuses immediately end. You must 
participate in the combat to gain these bonuses. If you are frightened, panicked, paralyzed, stunned, 
unconscious, or otherwise prevented from participating in the combat, the ability does not end, but the 
bonuses do not resume until you can participate in the combat again. When you use this ability, you 
must select two types of judgments to make. As a swift action, you can change this judgment to another 
type. All your judgment bonuses are sacred bonuses. The types of judgments are shown below. 
Ki Pool (Su) You gain ki points equal to half your monk level + your Wis modifier. As long as you have at 
least 1 point in your ki pool, you can make a ki strike. Your ki strike allows your unarmed attacks to be 
treated as magic for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. By spending 1 point from your ki 
pool, you can make one additional attack at your highest attack bonus when making a flurry of blows 
attack. In addition, you can spend 1 point to increase your speed by 20 feet for 1 round. Finally, you can 
spend 1 point from your ki pool to give yourself a +4 dodge bonus to AC for 1 round. Each of these 
powers is activated as a swift action. The ki pool is replenished each morning after 8 hours of rest or 
meditation; these hours do not need to be consecutive. 
Maneuver Training (Ex) You use your monk level in place of your base attack bonus when calculating your 
Combat Maneuver Bonus (included above). Base attack bonuses granted from other classes are 
unaffected and are added normally. 

Monster Lore (Ex) You add your Wisdom modifier on Knowledge skill checks in addition to your Intelligence 
modifier, when making skill checks to identify the abilities and weaknesses of creatures. 
Poisons You carry of variety of poisons, which you generally utilize in your quest to bring criminals to justice: 
Blue whinnis—injury; save Fort DC 14, frequency 1/round for 2 rounds, effect 1 Con/unconsciousness 
1d3 hours, cure 1 save. 
Oil of taggit—ingested; save Fort DC 15, onset 1 minute, effect unconsciousness for 1d3 hours, cure 1 
save. 
Purity of Body (Ex) You possess immunity to all diseases, including supernatural and magical diseases. 
Slow Fall (Ex) When within arm’s reach of a wall you can use it to slow your descent. You take damage as if 
the fall were 20 feet shorter than it actually is. 
Solo Tactics (Ex) All of your allies are treated as if they possessed the same teamwork feats as you for the 
purpose of determining whether you receive a bonus from your teamwork feats. Your allies do not 
receive any bonuses from these feats unless they actually possess the feats themselves. The allies’ 
positioning and actions must still meet the prerequisites listed in the teamwork feat for you to receive the 
listed bonus. 
Stern Gaze (Ex) You receive a morale bonus on all Intimidate and Sense Motive checks equal to ½ your 
inquisitor level. 
Still Mind (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on saving throws against enchantment spells and effects. 
Stunning Fist (Ex) You gain Stunning Fist as a bonus feat, even if you do not meet the prerequisites. You may 
apply a new condition to the target of your Stunning Fist. This condition replaces stunning the target for 
1 round, and a successful saving throw still negates the effect. You can choose to make the target 
fatigued. You must choose which condition will apply before the attack roll is made. These effects do 
not stack with themselves (a creature fatigued by Stunning Fist cannot become exhausted if hit by 
Stunning Fist again), but additional hits do increase the duration. 
Teamwork Feat As a standard action, you can choose to learn a new bonus teamwork feat in place of the most 
recent bonus teamwork feat you have already learned. In effect, you lose the bonus feat in exchange for 
the new one. You can only change the most recent teamwork feat gained. Whenever you gain a new 
teamwork feat, the previous teamwork feat becomes set and cannot be changed again. You can change 
your most recent teamwork feat a number of times per day equal to your Wisdom modifier. 
Track (Ex) You add half your inquisitor level on Survival skill checks made to follow or identify tracks. 
Unarmed Strike You gain Improved Unarmed Strike as a bonus feat. Your attacks may be with fist, elbows, 
knees, and feet. This means that you may make unarmed strikes with his hands full. There is no such 
thing as an off-hand attack for you. You may apply your full Strength bonus on damage rolls for all of 
your unarmed strikes. Usually your unarmed strikes deal lethal damage, but you can choose to deal 
nonlethal damage instead with no penalty on your attack roll. You have the same choice to deal lethal or 
nonlethal damage while grappling. Your unarmed strike is treated as both a manufactured weapon and a 
natural weapon for the purpose of spells and effects that enhance or improve either manufactured 
weapons or natural weapons. You deal more damage with your unarmed strikes than a normal person 
would, as shown above. 
Uncanny Dodge (Ex) You cannot be caught flat-footed, even if the attacker is invisible. You still lose your 
Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized or if an opponent successfully uses the feint action against you. 
     

JUDGMENT SELECTIONS 
Destruction You are filled with divine wrath, gaining a +1 sacred bonus on all weapon damage rolls. This 
bonus increases by +1 for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Healing You are surrounded by a healing light, gaining fast healing 1. This causes you to heal 1 point of 
damage each round as long as you are alive and the judgment lasts. The amount of healing increases by 
1 point for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Justice This judgment spurs you to seek justice, granting a +1 sacred bonus on all attack rolls. This bonus 
increases by +1 for every five inquisitor levels you possess. At 10th level, this bonus is doubled on all 
attack rolls made to confirm critical hits. 
Piercing This judgment gives you great focus and makes your spells more potent. This benefit grants a +1 
sacred bonus on concentration checks and caster level checks made to overcome a target’s spell 
resistance. This bonus increases by +1 for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Protection You are surrounded by a protective aura, granting a +1 sacred bonus to Armor Class. This bonus 
increases by +1 for every five inquisitor levels you possess. At 10th level, this bonus is doubled against 
attack rolls made to confirm critical hits against you. 
Purity You are protected from the vile taint of your foes, gaining a +1 sacred bonus on all saving throws. This 
bonus increases by +1 for every five inquisitor levels you possess. At 10th level, the bonus is doubled 
against curses, diseases, and poisons. 
Resiliency This judgment makes you resistant to harm, granting DR 1/magic. This DR increases by 1 for every 
five levels you possess. At 10th level, this DR changes from magic to an alignment (chaotic, evil, good, 
or lawful) that is opposite of yours. If you are neutral, you do not receive this increase. 
Resistance You are shielded by a flickering aura, gaining 2 points of energy resistance against one energy type 
(acid, cold, electricity, fire, or sonic) chosen when the judgment is declared. The protection increases by 
2 for every three inquisitor levels you possess. 
Smiting This judgment bathes your weapons in a divine light. Your weapons count as magic for the purposes of 
bypassing damage reduction. At 6th level, your weapons also count as one alignment type (chaotic, evil, 
good, or lawful) for the purpose of bypassing damage reduction. The type selected must match one of 
your alignments. If you are neutral, you do not receive this bonus. At 10th level, your weapons also 
count as adamantine for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction (but not for reducing hardness). 
 