

Durin Wrang 
Male half-elf summoner 15 (wild callerARG) 
CN Medium humanoid (elf, human) 
Init +6; Senses low-light vision; Perception +4 
Languages Common, Elven, Ignan, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 28, touch 18, flat-footed 22 (+10 armor, +1 deflection, 
+6 Dex, +1 insight); Greater Shield Ally 
hp 107 (15 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +16, Will +16; +2 vs. enchantment 
Defensive Abilities greater shield ally, life bond; Immune 
magical sleep 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares), fly 40 ft. (good); overland flight 
Melee +4 defending longspear +18/+13/+8 (1d8+8/×3) 
Ranged +4 adaptive composite longbow +21/+16/+11 (1d8+7/×3) 
Space 5 ft.; Reach 5 ft. (10 ft. with longspear) 
Spell-like Abilities (CL 15
th; Concentration +21) 
9/day – summon nature’s ally VIII (one casting at a time, usable only without eidolon, 15 minute 
duration) 
Summoner Spells Known (CL 15
th; Concentration +21) 
5th  (4/day) – cloudkill, conjure black pudding, greater rejuvenate eidolonAPG, overland flight, 
4
th  (5/day) – black tentacles, purified callingAPG, wall of fire, wall of ice 
3rd  (6/day) – aqueous orbAPG, haste, heroism, slow, wind wall
B 
2nd (7/day) – barkskin, bear’s endurance, bull’s strength, cat’s grace, resist energy, see invisibility, 
summon eidolonAPG 
1st  (7/day) – compel hostility
UC, enlarge person, feather fall, life conduit
B UC, reduce person
B, shield, 
protection from evil, unfetterAPG 
0  (at will) – detect magic, guidance, light, mage hand, message, open/close 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 16 (+3), Dex 22 (+6), Con 12 (+1), Int 14 (+2), Wis 14 (+2), Cha 22 (+9) 
Base Atk +11; CMB +14 (+18 with longspear); CMD 31 
Feats Augment Summoning, Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, Escape Route, Extra 
Evolution, Improved Share Spells, Spell Focus (conjuration), Superior Summoning 
Skills Disguise +19, Knowledge (arcana +15, the planes +15), Perception +4, Ride +29, Spellcraft +20, Use 
Magic Device +22; Racial Modifiers +2 Perception 
SQ arcane training, aspect, bond senses (15 rounds/day), eidolon, elf blood, life link, maker’s call, 
transposition, weapon familiarity 
Combat Gear arrows (20), staff of nature’s wrath (10 charges, doubles as +4 defending longspear, see below), 
wand of cure light wounds (50 charges); Other Gear +4 defending longspear (doubles as staff of 
nature’s wrath, see below), +4 adaptive composite longbow, +5 mithral shirt, bejeweled jingasa (as 
circlet of persuasion, greater hat of disguise, and jingasa of the fortunate soldier; generally appears 
human), belt of incredible dexterity +6, cloak of resistance +5, dusty rose prism ioun stone, headband of 
alluring charisma +6, pages of spell knowledge (life conduit, reduce person, wind wall), spectacles of 
understanding, spell component pouches (2), summoner’s kit, tender (51gp) 
Encumbrance light 76 lb., medium 153 lb., heavy 230 lb.; Weight Carried 57 lb. 8 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Arcane Training You can use spell trigger and spell completion items for your favored class as if one level 
higher. 

Aspect (Su) You can divert up to 2 points from your eidolon’s evolution pool to add evolutions to yourself. 
You cannot select any evolution that your eidolon could not possess, and you must be able to meet the 
requirements as well (except for subtype requirements, so long as your eidolon meets the subtype 
requirement). You cannot select the ability increase evolution through this ability. Any points spent in 
this way are taken from your eidolon’s evolution pool (reducing the total number available to your 
eidolon). You can change the evolutions granted by these points anytime you can change the eidolon’s 
evolutions. 
Bond Senses (Su) You can, as a standard action, share the senses of your eidolon; hearing, seeing, smelling, 
tasting, and touching everything your eidolon does. You can use this ability a number of rounds per day 
equal to your summoner level. There is no range to this effect, but you and your eidolon must be on the 
same plane. You can end this effect as a free action. 
Greater Shield Ally (Su) Whenever an ally is within your eidolon’s reach, the ally receives a +2 shield bonus 
to its Armor Class and a +2 circumstance bonus on its saving throws. If this ally is you, these bonuses 
increase to +4. This bonus does not apply if your eidolon is grappled, helpless, paralyzed, stunned, or 
unconscious. 
Life Bond (Su) As long as your eidolon has 1 or more hit points, you are protected from harm. Damage in 
excess of that which would reduce you to fewer than 0 hit points is instead transferred to your eidolon. 
This damage is transferred 1 point at a time, meaning that as soon as your eidolon is reduced to a 
number of negative hit points equal to its Constitution score, all excess damage remains with you. 
Effects that cause death but not damage are unaffected by this ability. This ability does not affect spells 
like baleful polymorph, flesh to stone, or imprisonment, or other spells that do not cause actual damage. 
Life Link (Su) Whenever your eidolon takes enough damage to send it back to its home plane, you can, as a 
free action, sacrifice any number of hit points. Each hit point sacrificed in this way prevents 1 point of 
damage done to your eidolon. This can prevent your eidolon from being sent back to its home plane. In 
addition, you and your eidolon must remain within 100 feet of one another for your eidolon to remain at 
full strength. If your eidolon is beyond 100 feet but closer than 1,000 feet, its current and maximum hit 
point totals are reduced by 50%. If your eidolon is more than 1,000 feet away but closer than 10,000 
feet, its current and maximum hit point totals are reduced by 75%. If your eidolon is more than 10,000 
feet away, it is immediately returned to its home plane. Current hit points lost in this way are not 
restored when your eidolon gets closer to you, but its maximum hit point total does return to normal. 
Maker’s Call (Su) Three times per day, as a standard action, you can call your eidolon to your side. This 
functions as dimension door, using your summoner caster level. When this ability is used, your eidolon 
appears adjacent to you (or as close as possible if all adjacent spaces are occupied). If your eidolon is out 
of range, the ability is wasted. 
Transposition (Su) You can use your maker’s call ability to swap locations with your eidolon. If your eidolon 
occupies more squares than you, you can appear in any square occupied by your eidolon. Your eidolon 
must occupy the square that was occupied by you if able, or as close as possible if it is not able. 
Weapon Familiarity You are proficient with longbows (including composite longbows), longswords, rapiers, 
and shortbows (including composite shortbows), and treat any weapon with the word “elven” in its name 
as a martial weapon. 
   

STAFF OF NATURE’S WRATH 
Aura moderate conjuration and evocation; CL 8th 
Slot none; Price 43,200gp; Weight 5 lbs. 
 
This staff appears to be made of a long slender shard of obsidian and allows use of the following spells: 
•  wicked weeds (1 charge; as black tentacles, but produces barbed vines instead of black tentacles) 
•  obsidian flow
UC (1 charge) 
•  sleet storm (1 charge) 
Many staves of nature’s wrath also double as magical spears. Add the costs of the magical spear and the staff of 
nature’s wrath together and use the spear’s weight value when using this variant. 
 
Requirements Craft Staff, black tentacles, obsidian flow
UC, sleet storm (may vary if made into a spear); Cost 
21,600gp 
 
Salamander 
Serpent Eidolon 
CN Huge outsider (chaotic, protean) 
Init +4; Senses blindsense 30 ft., darkvision 60 
ft., scent; Perception +15 
Languages as summoner 
DEFENSE 
AC 38, touch 12, flat-footed 34 (+7 armor, +4 
Dex, +19 natural, –2 size) 
hp 114 (12 HD) 
Fort +9, Ref +13, Will +13; +4 vs. enchantment 
Defensive Abilities devotion, improved evasion; DR 5/lawful; Immunities drowning; Resist acid 15, 
electricity 10, sonic 10 
OFFENSE 
Speed 40 ft. (8 squares), climb 40 ft., fly 40 ft. (perfect), swim 40 ft. 
Melee bite +23 (2d6+13 plus grab), 2 claws +23 (1d8+13), tail slap +21 (3d6+8 plus grab) or 
bite +19 (2d6+21 plus grab), 2 claws +19 (1d8+21), tail slap +17 (3d6+12 plus grab) with Power Attack, 
or 
tail slap +17 (9d6+12 plus grab) with Improved Vital Strike and Power Attack 
Ranged boulder or tree +10 (6d6+9) with Improved Vital Strike 
Space 15 ft.; Reach 10 ft. 
Special Attacks constrict (3d6+8) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 28 (+9), Dex 18 (+4), Con 18 (+4), Int 7 (–2), Wis 10 (+0), Cha 11 (+0) 
Base Atk +12; CMB +23 (+27 to grapple); CMD 37 (41 vs. overrun/trip) 
Feats Combat Reflexes (5 AoO’s/round), Escape Route
B, Improved Natural Attack (tail slap), Improved Vital 
Strike, Lunge, MultiattackB, Power Attack, Vital Strike 
Skills Acrobatics +24 (+26 to balance), Climb +24, Fly +8, Perception +15, Stealth +11, Swim +17; Racial 
Modifiers +2 Acrobatics to balance 
SQ evolutions, link, multiattack, share spells 
Possession amulet of mighty fists +4, bracers of armor +7, eidolon anchoring harness (doubles as cloak of 
resistance +5), exotic horsemaster’s saddle, spare spell component pouch (concealed, DC 24)  
Encumbrance light 2,400 lb., medium 4,800 lb., heavy 7,200 lb.; Weight Carried 44 lb. (without rider) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 

Constrict (Ex) Salamander can crush an opponent, dealing 3d6+8 bludgeoning damage when she makes a 
successful grapple check (in addition to any other effects caused by a successful check, including 
additional damage). 
Devotion (Ex) Salamander receives a +4 morale bonus on Will saves versus enchantment spells and effects. 
Evolutions bite
F, blindsense
F, climb
F, claws, constrict (tail slapF), flight (magicalF), gills, grab (biteF, tail slapF), 
large (huge), limbs (legs) (2), mount, resistance (acid
F), scent, swim, tailF, tail slapF 
Grab (Ex) If Salamander hits with her tail slap attack, she deals normal damage and may attempt to start a 
grapple as a free action without provoking an attack of opportunity. She may only grab Large or smaller 
creatures in this manner. She may conduct the grapple normally, or simply use her tail to hold the 
opponent. If she chooses to do the latter, she takes a –20 penalty on her CMB check to make and 
maintain the grapple, but she does not gain the grappled condition herself. A successful grapple check 
made to maintain the grab deals tail slap damage in addition to constriction damage as well. 
Improved Evasion (Ex) When subjected to an attack that normally allows a Reflex saving throw for half 
damage, Salamander takes no damage if she makes a successful saving throw and half damage even if 
the saving throw fails. 
Link You and your eidolon share a mental link that allows for communication across any distance (as long as 
you are on the same plane). This communication is a free action, allowing you to give orders to your 
eidolon at any time. What’s more, magic items interfere with this link, so that you and your eidolon 
must share magic item slots. When both you and the eidolon are wearing a magic item in the same slot, 
your magic item continues to function while the eidolon’s becomes dormant. An eidolon must still have 
the appropriate magical item slot in order to be able to use of a given magic item. 
Share Spells (Ex) You may cast a spell with a target of “You” on your eidolon (as a spell with a range of 
touch) instead of on yourself. You may cast spells on your eidolon even if the spells normally do not 
affect creatures of the eidolon’s type (outsider). Spells cast in this way must come from the summoner 
spell list. This ability does not allow your eidolon to share abilities that are not spells, even if they 
function like spells. 