

Elana (formerly Elan) 
Transgendered female human mesmerist 8 
N Medium humanoid 
Init +2; Senses Perception +6 
Languages Common, Gnome, Sylvan 
DEFENSE 
AC 22, touch 14, flat-footed 22 (+6 armor, +2 deflection, +2 Dex, +2 natural) 
hp 66 (8 HD) 
Fort +7, Ref +11, Will +13 (+8 when emotionally unstable) 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee mwk sword cane +8/+3 (1d6+1) or 
mwk sap +8/+3 (1d6+1 nonlethal) or 
mwk whip +8/+3 (1d3+1 nonlethal) 
Ranged +1 sling +10/+5 (1d6+2) or 
+1 sling +10/+5 (4d6+2) with lesser boulder bullet 
Special Attacks bold stare (sapped magic, susceptibility), hypnotic stare (–3), mental potency +1, mesmerist 
tricks 8/day (false flanker, fearsome guise, gift of will, mesmeric mirror, shadow splinter) 
Mesmerist Spells Known (CL 8
th; Concentration +13) 
3rd  (3/day) – charm monster, deep slumber, glibness 
2
nd (5/day) – invisibility, knock, silence, suggestion 
1st  (6/day) – detect secret doors, disguise self, expeditious retreat, faerie fire, grease 
0  (at will) – dancing lights, detect magic, ghost sound, mage hand, message, prestidigitation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 12 (+1), Dex 14 (+2), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 8 (–1), Cha 20 (+5) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +7; CMD 21 
Feats Craft Wondrous Item, Greater Spell Focus (enchantment), Intimidating Glance, PersuasiveB, Spell Focus 
(enchantment) 
Skills Appraise +7, Bluff +23, Diplomacy +21, Disguise +15, Escape Artist +13, Intimidate +21, Knowledge 
(local) +7, Knowledge (nobility) +7, Perception +6, Perform (dance) +13, Sense Motive +10, Sleight of 
Hand +13, Spellcraft +9, Stealth +13, Use Magic Device +15 
SQ consummate liar +4, touch treatment 8/day (moderate) 
Combat Gear lesser boulder bullets (4), sling bullets (10); Other Gear +1 sling, +2 glamered chain shirt, 
amulet of natural armor +2, circlet of persuasion, cloak of resistance +2, four-leaf clover, gold jewelry 
(350gp worth), lucky horseshoe, masterwork sword cane, masterwork sap, masterwork whip, ring of 
protection +2, tender (39sp) 
Encumbrance light 43 lb., medium 86 lb., heavy 130 lb.; Weight Carried 43 lb. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bold Stare (Su) Your hypnotic stare imposes a further effect upon its target. All of your bold stare 
improvements affect the target as long as it is affected by your hypnotic stare.  
Consummate Liar You add ½ your mesmerist level (minimum 1) as a bonus on all Bluff checks. In addition, 
you qualify for the Improved Feint and Greater Feint feats, even if you don’t have Combat Expertise or 
an Intelligence score of at least 13. You can also ignore Combat Expertise and an Intelligence score of 
13 as prerequisites for other feats that require Improved Feint or Greater Feint. 
False Flanker (Su) A duplicate of you appears momentarily, as though you were fighting in tandem with the 
subject. You can trigger this trick when the subject moves into or begins their turn in a square where 
they threaten an enemy. An illusory duplicate of you appears in any unoccupied space adjacent to that 
enemy. This duplicate counts as threatening the enemy for the purposes of determining flanking, but 
can’t actually make attacks. The duplicate disappears at the end of the turn during which the trick is 

triggered. This is an illusion (figment) effect, and a creature that interacts with the false flanker can 
attempt a saving throw to disbelieve the effect. 
Fearsome Guise (Su) A veil of illusion makes the subject appear to be someone else and then transform into a 
hideous monster at an opportune time. While this trick is implanted, the subject’s appearance is altered, 
as disguise self. The mesmerist can trigger this trick when the subject attacks a creature. The illusory 
appearance briefly makes the subject appear monstrous, then ends. The mesmerist attempts an 
Intimidate check to demoralize the target of the triggering attack. The restrictions on attempts to 
demoralize a target (the target being within 30 feet and able to see and hear the creature attempting the 
Intimidate check) apply to the subject of the trick. This is an illusion (glamer) effect. 
Gift of Will (Su) A small portion of your vast mental power buttresses your ally’s mind. You can trigger this 
trick when the subject attempts a Will saving throw or a Sense Motive check, or is targeted by an 
Intimidate check to demoralize them. For a saving throw, the subject uses your Will saving throw bonus 
instead of their own. For a Sense Motive check or Intimidate check, they adds your Charisma bonus as a 
morale bonus on the check or to the DC. You can’t implant this trick on yourself. 
Hypnotic Stare (Su) You can focus your stare on one creature within 30 feet as a swift action. That creature 
takes a –3 penalty on Will saving throws. You can maintain your stare against only one opponent at a 
time; it remains in effect until you stare at a new target, the opponent dies, the opponent moves farther 
than 30 feet away, or you fall unconscious or die. You can remove the memory of your stare from the 
target’s mind; the creature doesn’t remember that it was affected (nor does it realize that it is currently 
being affected) unless you allow it. The hypnotic stare is a psychic effect, and relies more on your focus 
than the target’s perception of your stare. It can’t be avoided in the same ways a gaze attack can. You 
can use this ability even while blinded, but must succeed at a DC 20 concentration check to do so. 
Staring at a creature requires your focus, so if you use a gaze attack or similar ability, you must target 
the subject of your hypnotic stare or voluntarily end the stare. The penalties from multiple mesmerists’ 
stares don’t stack, nor do they stack with penalties from witches’ evil eye hexes. This is a mind-affecting 
effect. 
Manifold Tricks (Su) Yoou can have two tricks implanted at a time. Each creature can still only be the subject 
on one trick at a time. If you implant a new trick while you already have your maximum number of 
concurrent tricks implanted, you must choose one implanted trick to dismiss without triggering (the 
dismissed trick still expends a daily use of your tricks). 
Mental Potency (Ex) You can affect more powerful creatures or a greater number of creatures than normal 
with your mental effects. Both the HD limit and the total number of HD affected with each enchantment 
or illusion spell you cast increases by 1. For enchantment and illusion spells you cast that target a 
number of creatures greater than one, the number of creatures affected also increases by one (so a spell 
that targets one creature per level would be affected, but a spell that targets only one creature would not 
be). 
Mesmeric Mirror (Su) Illusory images appear near the subject to throw off attackers. You can trigger this trick 
when the subject is attacked or becomes the target of a spell that requires an attack roll. Two duplicate of 
the subject appears, and the attacker must determine randomly which it hits (as mirror image). Each 
image lasts for 1 minute per mesmerist level or until destroyed. This is an illusion (figment) effect. 
Mesmerist Tricks (Su) You can create hypnotic bonds with your allies, implanting magical suggestions in their 
minds that you can later activate. Each day, you can implant a number of these tricks equal to ½ your 
mesmerist level (minimum 1) plus your Charisma bonus (if any). You can have only one trick implanted 
at a given time, and implanting a new trick ends the previous one (you still lose the use of this ability 
you spent on the previous trick). To implant a trick, you must take a standard action and either touch a 
willing creature or implant the trick in yourself. A creature can be the subject of only one mesmerist 
trick at a time. You can activate the trick as a free action when a triggering condition is met (as defined 
in the trick’s description), even if it isn’t your turn. The subject must be within medium range (100 feet 
+ 10 feet per level) for you to trigger the trick. You monitor for the trick’s triggering condition through a 
subtle telepathic connection, so you don’t need line of sight to trigger it—but anything that blocks 
telepathic contact prevents you from triggering tricks. An implanted trick lasts until the next time you 
regain your spells. Once triggered, a trick is no longer implanted, and can’t be triggered again until you 

implant the trick again. The duration of the effect caused by triggering a trick is either instantaneous or 
appears in the trick’s entry. The DC for any mesmerist trick or masterful trick that requires a saving 
throw or skill check is 10 + ½ your mesmerist level + your Charisma modifier. Each daily use of 
mesmerist tricks can be used to implant any trick you know. 
Painful Stare (Su) When an attack that deals damage hits the target of your hypnotic stare, you can cause the 
target to take an amount of additional damage equal to ½ your class level (minimum 1). You can use this 
ability as a free action, and can use it even if it isn’t his turn. If you use this ability to increase your own 
damage, the additional damage increases by 1d6 points for every 3 class levels you possess. This 
damage is precision damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. You can trigger this ability only once 
per round, but a single creature can take damage from multiple mesmerists’ painful stares in a round. 
Sapped Magic (Su) The hypnotic stare penalty also applies to the DCs of spells and spell-like abilities used by 
the target, and to the target’s spell resistance (if any). 
Susceptibility (Su) The hypnotic stare penalty also applies to the target’s Sense Motive checks to oppose Bluff 
checks, and to the DCs of Diplomacy and Intimidate checks made against the target. 
Touch Treatment (Su) You can help allies shake off harmful conditions—especially those that affect their 
minds—by channeling psychic energy through your healing hands. You can use touch treatment a 
number of times per day equal to 3 + your Charisma modifier. Using the ability is a standard action (or a 
swift action if you use it on yourself), and you must be able to touch your target. You can remove one 
condition from one target each time you use this ability. You can remove any of the following 
conditions: confused, dazed, fascinated, frightened, shaken, or sickened. 
Towering Ego (Su) You gain a bonus equal to your Charisma bonus (minimum 0) on Will saving throws. If 
you are under any effect that would prevent you from providing the emotional component of psychic 
spells, you lose this bonus on saving throws. 