

Enyo Quache 
Male human swashbuckler 2/fighter 4 (lore warden, mysterious avenger) 
CG Medium human 
Init +4; Senses Perception +11 
Languages Common, Elven, Gnome 
DEFENSE 
AC 21, touch 14, flat-footed 17 (+7 armor, +4 Dex) 
hp 60 (6 HD) 
Fort +6, Ref +8, Will +2 
Defensive Abilities dodging panache +2, opportune parry and riposte 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 heavy pick +12/+7 (1d6+5/×4) or 
mwk whip +11/+6 (1d3 nonlethal) 
Ranged mwk throwing axe +11 (1d6+4) 
Special Attacks avenger finesse, sword secrets (exploit weakness +1) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 19 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 14 (+2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +6; CMB +5 (+12 with heavy pick); CMD 19 (23 vs. grapple/trip) 
Feats Acrobatic Steps, Martial Versatility (weapon focusB, slashing grace), Nimble Moves, Slashing Grace 
(battleaxe
B), Weapon FinesseB (light or one-handed piercing melee weapons only), Weapon Focus 
(battlaxe
B)
 

Skills Acrobatics +13, Craft (alchemy) +11, Escape Artist +13, Knowledge (local) +11, Perception +11, Sleight 
of Hand +13, Stealth +13 
SQ derring-do, maneuver mastery +2, panache (3), scholastic, skill over strength 
Combat Gear alchemist’s fire (2), tanglefoot bags (2); Other Gear +1 comfort mithral agile breastplate, +1 
heavy pick, belt pouch, masterwork throwing axes (6), masterwork whip, muleback cords, tender (28gp, 
6sp, 7cp) 
Encumbrance light 76 lb., medium 153 lb., heavy 230 lb.; Weight Carried 44 lb. 4oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Avenger Finesse (Ex) You gain the benefits of the Weapon Finesse feat with light or one-handed piercing 
melee weapons, and you can use your Charisma score in place of Intelligence as a prerequisite for 
combat feats. Additionally, you gain the ability to use a whip in place of a light or one-handed piercing 
melee weapon for all swashbuckler class features and deeds. This ability counts as having the Weapon 
Finesse feat for purposes of meeting feat prerequisites. 
Charmed Life (Ex) Three times per day as an immediate action before attempting a saving throw, you can add 
your Charisma modifier to the result of the save. You must choose to do this before the roll is made. 
Derring-Do (Ex) You can spend 1 panache point when you make an Acrobatics, Climb, Escape Artist, Fly, 
Ride, or Swim check to roll 1d6 and add the result to the check. You can do this after you make the 
check but before the result is revealed. If the result of the d6 roll is a natural 6, you roll another 1d6 and 
adds it to the check. You can continue to do this as long as you roll natural 6s, up to a number of times 
equal to your Dexterity modifier (minimum 1). 
Dodging Panache (Ex) When an opponent attempts a melee attack against you, you may spend 1 panache point 
as an immediate action to move 5 feet; doing so grants you a dodge bonus to AC equal to your Charisma 
bonus against the triggering attack. This movement doesn’t negate the attack, which is still resolved as if 
you had not moved from the original square. This movement is not a 5-foot step; it provokes attacks of 
opportunity from creatures other than the one who triggered this deed. You can only perform this deed 
while wearing light or no armor, and while carrying no heavier than a light load. 
Exploit Weakness (Ex) You add one-third of your fighter class level on attack rolls to confirm critical hits. 

Opportune Parry and Riposte (Ex) When an opponent makes a melee attack against you, you may spend 1 
panache point and expend a use of an attack of opportunity to attempt to parry that attack. You make an 
attack roll as if you were making an attack of opportunity; for each size category the attacking creature 
is larger than you, you take a –2 penalty on this roll. If your result is greater than the attacking creature’s 
result, the creature’s attack automatically misses. You must declare the use of this ability after the 
creature’s attack is announced, but before its attack roll is made. Upon performing a successful parry 
and if you have at least 1 panache point, you can make an attack against the creature whose attack you 
parried as an immediate action, provided that creature is within your reach. This deed’s cost cannot be 
reduced by any ability or effect that reduces the number of panache points a deed costs. 
Panache (Ex) At the start of each day, you gain a number of panache points equal to your Charisma modifier 
(minimum 1). Your panache goes up or down throughout the day, but usually cannot go higher than 
your Charisma modifier (minimum 1), though feats and magic items can affect this maximum. You 
spend panache to accomplish deeds (see below), and regain panache in the following ways. 
Critical Hit with a Light or One-Handed Piercing Melee Weapon: Each time you confirm a critical 
hit with a light or one-handed piercing melee weapon, you regain 1 panache point. Confirming a critical 
hit on a helpless or unaware creature or a creature that has fewer Hit Dice than half your character level 
doesn’t restore panache. 
Killing Blow with a Light or One-Handed Piercing Melee Weapon: When you reduce a creature to 0 
or fewer hit points with a light or one-handed piercing melee weapon attack while in combat, you regain 
1 panache point. Destroying an unattended object, reducing a helpless or unaware creature to 0 or fewer 
hit points, or reducing a creature that has fewer Hit Dice than half your character level to 0 or fewer hit 
points doesn’t restore any panache. 
Scholastic (Ex) You gain 2 additional skill ranks each level. These ranks must be spent on Intelligence-based 
skills. All Craft and Knowledge skills are class skills for you, as are Linguistics and Spellcraft. 
Skill Over Strength (Ex) You qualify for feats and other abilities as though you had the Combat Expertise feat. 