

Esal Baily 
“I can’t remember if it’s the green fluid or the red fluid.” 
 
As an infant, Esal was left on the footsteps of Dundith’s 
arcane academy by his Elven mother (who was so ashamed 
by his very existence that she chose to abandon the bastard 
child). As he grew up, learning the ways of magic, he was 
constantly reminded of his shameful heritage by an Elven 
mentor. Not willing to deal with such constant abuse, Esal 
turned his focus away from the practical applications of 
arcane magic and instead started dabbling in alchemy—a 
change that allowed him to get far away from his 
tormentor. Soon after his self-imposed exile to the alchemy 
labs he met his first and last friend in the form of a human 
youth named Deuce. 
 
Esal saw Deuce as a true friend, and the feeling was mutual, but they were also fierce rivals and constantly pitted 
their various skills against one another. Such tests ranged widely, from being as dangerous as creating the biggest 
explosion, to as whimsical as attempting to bed a beautiful lass. Esal lost most of the social competitions due to 
having been raised by strict instructors rather than a caring family, but due to his focus he usually bested Deuce 
in tests of true alchemical work. 
 
After several  years of feeling trapped by the stern rules and regulations of their academy, the two young men 
grew bored and decided shirk the rules and find a way to earn some extra gold and thrills. They fell in with a local 
assassin’s guild and over the course of the following year Esal and Deuce brewed hundreds of poisons, mutagens, 
and other alchemical contraband for prospective assassins. Their adventuresome entrepreneurship soon came to 
an end, however. During a failed assassination attempt a mutagen that they had created was discovered by the 
authorities. What’s worse, the assassin carrying it had been captured and, after being questioned thoroughly, had 
given  up the alchemy lab  where the  mutagen  had been created. The  law  came  down  hard  on the alchemists 
working out of the facility, but because it was never made clear which individuals were party to the crime, large 
numbers of talented alchemists were turned out. Esal and Deuce were among those scorned alchemists. Before 
leaving the  academy  in disgrace, both delinquents rigged the alchemical  lab to explode behind them. Despite 
being responsible for the destruction of a large portion of the arcane academy, the two were never caught. 
 
They continued their alchemical work together, hiring themselves out as mercenaries specializing in explosives. 
Eventually, they were hired by a mysterious employer to aid in the construction of a great alchemical weapon. 
Their task was to go deep into the great Sal’Har desert in search of a rare plant’s nectar. Like many of their prior 
endeavors, however, their brief venture would  be sidetracked.  While traveling through the desert, the two 
erstwhile explorers became trapped in quicksand and soon found themselves deposited in a great subterranean 
tunnel network. Hoping to find a way out before they ran out of food and water, Esal and his friend decided to 
explore it. They found that the tunnels led to a great underground library which, much to their dismay, was ruled 
by a great dragon named Morick. Instead of killing the intruders of his domain, Morick decided to keep Esal and 
Deuce as “pets.” After learning of their potential, Morick gave the alchemists a lab with which to make him a 
hoard of potions and alchemical items. Esal remained a prisoner of the great dragon for three years before being 
rescued by a band of wayward adventures. The adventurers negotiated his release (as well as their own) from 
Morick and now Esal travels with them in search of the same mystical plant that led him to this point in his life. 
Only when Esal finds this plant can he turn it over to The Dragon of the Library to buy his childhood friend’s 
freedom. 
   

Esal Baily 
Male half-elf alchemist 11 
NE Medium humanoid (elf, human) 
Init +4; Senses low-light vision; Perception +17 
Languages Common, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, 
Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 21, touch 14, flat-footed 17 (+6 armor, +4 Dex, +1 
natural) 
hp 97 (11 HD) 
Fort +14, Ref +16, Will +11; +2 vs. enchantments 
Immune extreme hot/cold environments, magical sleep, 
poison 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 bayonet +10/+5 (1d6+3) 
Ranged acid bomb +13 touch (6d6+7 acid plus 1d6 acid on following round, 13 splash) or 
frost bomb +13 touch (6d6+7 cold plus save vs. staggered, 13 splash) or 
standard bomb +13 touch (6d6+7 fire, 13 splash) or 
+1 corrosive burst light crossbow +13 (1d8+1 plus 1d6 acid plus poison/19-20/×2 plus 1d10 acid) 
Special Attacks bomb (6d6+7, 20/day), poison use, swift poisoning, throw anything +7 
Alchemist Extracts Prepared (CL 11
th) 
4
th  (3/day) – combine extracts (cure moderate wounds, invisibility), dragon’s breath
APG, stoneskinM 
3rd  (6/day) – amplify elixerAPG, cure serious wounds (2), fly, haste, thorn body
APG 
2nd (6/day) – cure moderate wounds (2), fire breath
APG (2), invisibility, resist energy 
1st  (7/day) – ant haulAPG, bomber’s eyeAPG, crafter’s fortune
APG, cure light wounds (2), endure elements, 
expeditious retreat 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 13 (+1), Dex 19 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 24 (+7), Wis 13 (+1), Cha 7 (–2) 
Base Atk +8; CMB +11; CMD 25 
Feats Brew Potion
B, Extra Bombs, Master Alchemist, Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot, Shared Insight, Throw 
Anything
B, Toughness 
Skills Acrobatics +15, Appraise +21, Craft (alchemy) +29 (+40 to create alchemical items), Disable Device 
+18, Knowledge (arcana) +21, Knowledge (nature) +21, Perception +17 (low-light vision), Sleight of 
Hand +18, Spellcraft +21, Survival +15, Use Magic Device +12; Racial Modifiers +2 Perception 
SQ alchemy, discoveries (acid bomb, combine extracts, enhance potion, feral mutagen, frost bomb), dual 
minded, elf blood, mutagen (110 minutes), swift alchemy 
Combat Gear crossbow bolts (30), poisons (giant wasp poison 9, oil of taggit 9, shadow essence 9); Other 
Gear +1 corrosive light crossbow with +1 bayonet, +2 mithral shirt, alchemist’s kit, amulet of natural 
armor +1, belt of incredible dexterity +4, cauldron of brewing, cloak of resistance +5, formula book 
(36 pages remaining), headband of mental prowess +4 (appraise, use magic device), portable 
alchemist’s lab, ring of sustenance, tender (32gp) 
Formula Book 4th—cure critical wounds, detonate
APG, dragon’s breathAPG, freedom of movement, fluid 
form
APG, stoneskin
M; 3rd-level—amplify elixirAPG, blood houndAPG, cure serious wounds, fly, haste, 
protection from energy, thorn body
APG; 2nd-level—cure moderate wounds, fire breathAPG, invisibility, 
resist energy, vomit swarm
APG; 1st-level—ant haulAPG, bomber’s eyeAPG, cure light wounds, crafter’s 
fortune
APG, endure elements, expeditious retreat, keen sensesAPG, negative aromaAPG, true strike 
Encumbrance light 150 lb., medium 300 lb., heavy 450 lb.; Weight Carried 55 lb. 11 oz. (excluding tender); 
ant haul 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Acid Bomb When you create a bomb, you can choose to have it inflict acid damage. Creatures that take a direct 
hit from an acid bomb take an additional 1d6 points of acid damage 1 round later. This discovery does 
not stack with other discoveries that modify bombs. 
Alchemy (Su) When using Craft (alchemy) to create an alchemical item, you gain a competence bonus equal to 
your alchemist class level on the Craft (alchemy) check (included above). In addition, you can use Craft 
(alchemy) to identify potions as if using detect magic. You must hold the potion for 1 round to make 
such a check. You are also capable of creating bombs, extracts, and mutagens (see below). 
Bomb (Su) You can use a number of bombs each day equal to your alchemist class level + your Intelligence 
modifier. Bombs are unstable, and if not used in the round they are created, they degrade and become 
inert—their method of creation prevents large volumes of explosive material from being created and 
stored. Creating and throwing a bomb requires a standard action that provokes an attack of opportunity. 
Thrown bombs have a range of 20 feet and use the Throw Splash Weapon special attack. Bombs are 
considered weapons and can be selected using feats such as Point-Blank Shot and Weapon Focus. On a 
direct hit, your bomb inflicts 1d6 points of fire damage plus additional damage equal to your 
Intelligence modifier (due to the throw anything class ability). The damage of your bomb increases by 
1d6 points at every odd-numbered alchemist level (this bonus damage is not multiplied on a critical hit 
or by using feats such as Vital Strike). Splash damage from an alchemist bomb is always equal to the 
bomb’s minimum damage. Those caught in the splash damage can attempt a Reflex save DC 22 for half 
damage. 
Combine Extracts When you create an extract, you can place two formulae into one extract. When the extract 
is consumed, both formulae take effect. This extract has a level two levels higher than the highest-level 
formulae placed in the extract. 
Dual Minded You get a +2 bonus on all Will saving throws (included above). 
Enhance Potion A number of times per day equal to your Intelligence modifier, you can cause any potion you 
drink to function at a caster level equal to you alchemist class level. 
Extracts (Su) You may create and use extracts, essentially spells in the form a drinkable liquid. For the most 
part, extracts follow the rules of both potions and spells. 
Feral mutagen Whenever you imbibe a mutagen, you gain two claw attacks and a bite attack. These are 
primary attacks and are made using your full base attack bonus. The claw attacks deal 1d6 points of 
damage and the bite attack deals 1d8 points of damage. While the mutagen is in effect, you gain a +2 
competence bonus on Intimidate skill checks. 
Frost Bomb When you create a bomb, you can choose to have it inflict cold damage. Creatures that take a 
direct hit from a frost bomb are staggered on their next turn unless they succeed on a DC 22 Fortitude 
save. This discovery does not stack with other discoveries that modify bombs. 
Mutagen (Su) You may brew a dose of mutagen in 1 hour, and once brewed, it remains potent until used. You 
can only maintain one dose of mutagen at a time—if you brew a second dose, any existing mutagen 
becomes inert. As with an extract or bomb, a mutagen that is not in your possession becomes inert until 
you pick it up again. When you brew a mutagen, you select one physical ability score—Strength, 
Dexterity, or Constitution. It’s a standard action to drink a mutagen. Upon being imbibed, the mutagen 
causes you to grow bulkier and more bestial, granting you a +2 natural armor bonus and a +4 alchemical 
bonus to the selected ability score for 10 minutes per alchemist level. In addition, while the mutagen is 
in effect, you take a –2 penalty to one of your mental ability scores. If the mutagen enhances your 
Strength, it applies a penalty to your Intelligence. If it enhances your Dexterity, it applies a penalty to 
your Wisdom. If it enhances your Constitution, it applies a penalty to your Charisma. A non-alchemist 
who drinks a mutagen must make a DC 22 Fortitude save or become nauseated for 1 hour—a non-
alchemist can never gain the benefit of a mutagen, but an alchemist can gain the effects of another 
alchemist’s mutagen if he drinks it. (Although if the other alchemist creates a different mutagen, the 
effects of the “stolen” mutagen immediately cease.) The effects of a mutagen do not stack. Whenever 
you drink a mutagen, the effects of any previous mutagen immediately end. 

Poison Use (Ex) You are trained in the use of poison and cannot accidentally poison yourself when applying 
poison to a weapon. 
Poisons You carry of variety of poisons, which you typically coat your weapons with: 
Giant wasp poison—injury; save Fort DC 18, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1d2 Dex, cure 1 
save. 
Oil of taggit—ingested; save Fort DC 15, onset 1 minute, effect unconsciousness for 1d3 hours, cure 1 
save. 
Shadow essence—injury; save Fort DC 17, frequency 1/round for 6 rounds, effect 1 Str drain/1d2 Str, 
cure 1 save. 
Swift Alchemy (Ex) You can create alchemical items with astounding speed. It takes you half the normal 
amount of time to create alchemical items. 
Swift Poisoning (Ex) You can apply a dose of poison to a weapon as a swift action. 
Throw Anything (Ex) You gain the Throw Anything feat as a bonus feat and you add your Intelligence 
modifier to damage done with splash weapons, including the splash damage if any. This bonus damage 
is already included in the bomb class feature (and in the above stats). 
 