

Etari the Magnificent 
Male human unchained rogue 6 (knife master, scout) 
CG Medium humanoid 
Init +4; Senses Perception +10 
Languages Common, Sylvan, Undercommon 
DEFENSE 
AC 19, touch 14, flat-footed 15 (+5 armor, +4 Dex) 
hp 44 (6 HD) 
Fort +4, Ref +10, Will +4 
Defensive Abilities blade sense +2, evasion 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee dagger of doubling +10 (1d4+5/19-20) or 
dagger of doubling +10 (1d4+6d8+11 nonlethal/19-20) with Sap Master 
Ranged dagger of doubling +10 (1d4/19-20) 
Special Attacks debilitating injury, finesse training (dagger), scout’s charge, sneak attack +3d4, sneak stab 
+3d8 
Spell-Like Abilities (CL 6
th; Concentration +8) 
At will – prestidigitation 
3/day – silent image 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 8 (–1), Dex 18 (+4), Con 12 (+1), Int 14 (+2), Wis 12 (+1), Cha 16 (+3) 
Base Atk +4; CMB +3 (+8 with Weapon Finesse); CMD 17 
Feats Bludgeoner
B, Deft Hands, Sap Adept, Sap Master, Weapon FinesseB, Weapon Focus (daggerB), Weapon 
Versatility
B 
Skills Acrobatics +13, Bluff +13, Diplomacy +12, Disable Device +17, Disguise +12 (+22 with hat of 
disguise), Escape Artist +13, Perception +10, Perform (act) +12 (+14 with alchemical enhancement), 
Sleight of Hand +18 (+21 to conceal light blades), Stealth +15; Racial Bonuses +2 Sleight of Hand and 
Stealth 
SQ heart of the slums, hidden blade, rogue’s edge (perform), rogue talents (combat trick, major magic, 
minor magic, weapon training), traits (smuggler, stage magic) 
Combat Gear potions of invisibility (2); Other Gear +1 mithral shirt, cloak of resistance +1, dagger of 
doubling (concealed, DC 45 to find), disguise kit, hat of disguise, masterwork thieves’ tools, tender 
(48gp) 
Encumbrance light 26 lb., medium 53 lb., heavy 80 lb.; Weight Carried 22 lb. 2 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Blade Sense (Ex) You gain a +2 dodge bonus to AC against attacks made against you with light blades. 
Debilitating Injury (Ex) Whenever you deal sneak attack damage to a foe, you can also debilitate the target of 
your attack, causing it to take a penalty for 1 round (this is in addition to any penalty caused by a rogue 
talent or other special ability). You can choose to apply any one of the following penalties when the 
damage is dealt. 
Bewildered: The target becomes bewildered, taking a –2 penalty to AC. The target takes an 
additional –2 penalty to AC against all attacks made by you. 
Disoriented: The target takes a –2 penalty on attack rolls. In addition, the target takes an additional –
2 penalty on all attack rolls it makes against you. 
Hampered: All of the target’s speeds are reduced by half (to a minimum of 5 feet). In addition, the 
target cannot take a 5-foot step. 
These penalties do not stack with themselves, but additional attacks that deal sneak attack damage 
extend the duration by 1 round. A creature cannot suffer from more than one penalty from this ability at 

a time. If a new penalty is applied, the old penalty immediately ends. Any form of healing applied to a 
target suffering from one of these penalties also removes the penalty. 
Evasion (Ex) If you succeed at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a 
successful save, you instead take no damage. Evasion can be used only if you are wearing light armor or 
no armor. You do not gain the benefit of evasion while helpless. 
Finesse Training (Ex) You gain Weapon Finesse as a bonus feat. In addition, you can select any one type of 
weapon that can be used with Weapon Finesse (such as rapiers or daggers). Once this choice is made, it 
cannot be changed. Whenever you make a successful melee attack with the selected weapon, you add 
your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier to the damage roll. If any effect would 
prevent you from adding your Strength modifier to the damage roll, you do not add your Dexterity 
modifier. 
Heart of the Slums You gain a +2 racial bonus on Sleight of Hand and Stealth checks, and a +4 racial bonus on 
Survival checks in urban and underground settings. In addition, you may roll twice when saving against 
disease, taking the better roll. 
Hidden Blade You add ½ your rogue level on Sleight of Hand checks made to conceal a light blade (included 
above). 
Rogue’s Edge (Ex) You have mastered a single skill beyond that skill’s normal boundaries, gaining results that 
others can only dream about. You gain the skill unlock powers for that skill as appropriate for your 
number of ranks in that skill. 
Perform: Whenever you attempt a Bluff, Diplomacy, Handle Animal, or Intimidate check, you can 
attempt a DC 20 Perform check to gain a +2 circumstance bonus on the check. 
Scout’s Charge (Ex) Whenever you make a charge, your attack deals sneak attack damage as if the target were 
flat-footed. Foes with uncanny dodge are immune to this ability. 
Smuggler You gain a +1 trait bonus on Bluff and Sleight of Hand checks. 
Sneak Attack Your attack deals an extra 3d4 damage anytime your target would be denied a Dexterity bonus to 
AC (whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not), or when you flank your target. Ranged 
attacks can count as sneak attacks only if the target is within 30 feet. This additional damage is precision 
damage and is not multiplied on a critical hit. With a weapon that deals nonlethal damage (such as a sap, 
unarmed strike, or whip), you can make a sneak attack that deals nonlethal damage instead of lethal 
damage. You cannot use a weapon that deals lethal damage to deal nonlethal damage in a sneak attack—
not even with the usual –4 penalty. You must be able to see the target well enough to pick out a vital 
spot and must be able to reach such a spot. You cannot sneak attack while striking a creature with total 
concealment. 
Sneak Stab (Ex) When you make a sneak attack with a dagger, kerambit, kukri, punching daggers, starknife, or 
swordbreaker dagger you use d8s to roll sneak attack damage instead of d4s. 
Stage Magic When you use an attention-getting alchemical item such as a flask of alchemist’s fire, smokestick, 
thunderstone, or another appropriate alchemical item (GM’s discretion) as part of a performance, you 
gain a +2 trait bonus on your Perform check for the duration of that performance. The item is expended 
without its normal effects and only serves to make your performance more impressive; for example, you 
could pretend to ignite yourself with alchemist’s fire as part of a Perform (comedy) check or make a 
dramatic appearance with a smokestick as part of a Perform (act) check, but you would not actually take 
fire damage or gain concealment from smoke. 