

Fish 
  

Male Tengu bard 3 
NE Medium humanoid (tengu) 
Init +8; Senses low-light vision; Perception +9 
Languages Aquan, Common, Dwarven, Elven, Giant, Infernal, Polyglot, Tengu, 
Varisian 
DEFENSE 
AC 17, touch 12, flat-footed 15 (+4 armor, +2 Dex, +1 shield) 
hp 22 (3 HD) 
Fort +2, Ref +5, Will +5; +4 vs. bardic performance, language-dependent, and 
sonic 
OFFENSE 
Speed 30 ft. (6 squares) 
Melee +1 boarding pike of repelling +3 (1d8+1/×3) or 
+1 short sword +3 (1d6+1/19-20) or 
mwk dagger +3 (1d6/18-20) or 
bite +2 (1d3) 
Ranged light crossbow +4 (1d8/19-20) or 
mwk dagger +5 (1d4/19-20) 
Space 5 ft.; Reach 5 ft. (10 or 20 ft. with boarding pike)   
Special Attacks bardic performance 10 rounds/day (countersong, distraction, fascinate, inspire competence +2, 
inspire courage +1) 
Bard Spells Known (CL 3rd; Concentration +5) 
1st-level (4/day) – cure light wounds, disguise self, feather fall, grease 
0-level (at will) – detect magic, light, mage hand, message, open/close, prestidigitation 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 10 (+0), Dex 14 (+2), Con 12 (+1), Int 16 (+3), Wis 15 (+2), Cha 14 (+2) 
Base Atk +2; CMB +2; CMD 14; Hero Points 1 
Feats Additional Traits, Improved Initiative 
Skills Acrobatics +4, Bluff +7, Climb +2, Diplomacy +8, Disguise +7 (+17 with disguise self), Escape Artist 
+4, Heal +8, Knowledge (geography) +10, Knowledge (local) +10, Knowledge (other) +5, Linguistics 
+12, Perception +9, Perform (act) +7, Perform (oratory) +8, Sense Motive +7, Stealth +6, Survival +8, 
Swim –1; Armor Check Penalty –3; Racial Bonuses +4 Linguistics, +2 Perception, +2 Stealth 
SQ bardic knowledge +1, swordtrained, traits (barroom talespinner, caretaker, poverty-stricken, reactionary), 
versatile performance (act) 
Combat Gear acid (3), crossbow bolts (10), potion of haste, tanglefoot bags (2); Other Gear +1 boarding pike 
of repelling, +1 short sword, buckler, chain shirt, daggers (4), light crossbow, masterwork dagger, 
personal booty (not normally carried, see below), spell component pouch, tender (37gp) 
Encumbrance light 33 lb., medium 66 lb., heavy 100 lb.; Weight Carried 64 lb. 1 oz. (excluding tender) 
   

SPECIAL ABILITIES 
Bardic Knowledge (Ex) You add half your class level (minimum 1) to all Knowledge skill checks and may make all Knowledge skill checks untrained.  
Bardic Performance You can use this ability for a number of rounds per day equal to 4 + your Charisma modifier. At each level after 1 st you can use bardic 
performance for 2 additional rounds per day. Each round, you can produce any one of the types of bardic performance that you have mastered, as indicated 
by your level. Starting a bardic performance is a move action, but it can be maintained each round as a free action. Changing a bardic performance from one 
effect to another requires you to stop the previous performance and start a new one as a standard action. A bardic performance cannot be disrupted, but it 
ends immediately if the bard is killed, paralyzed, stunned, knocked unconscious, or otherwise prevented from taking a free action to maintain it each round. 
You cannot have more than one bardic performance in effect at one time. Each bardic performance has audible components, visual components, or both. If a 
bardic performance has audible components, the targets must be able to hear you for the performance to have any effect, and s uch performances are language 
dependent. You have a 20% chance to fail when attempting to use a bardic perfor mance with an audible component while deaf. If you fail this check, the 
attempt still counts against your daily limit. Deaf creatures are immune to bardic performances with audible components. If a  bardic performance has a 
visual component, the targets must have line of sight to you for the performance to have any effect. You have a 50% chance to fail when attempting to use a 
bardic performance with a visual component while blind. If you fail this check, the attempt still counts against your daily l imit. Blind creatures are immune 
to bardic performances with visual components. 
Barroom Tail-Spinner You gain a +1 trait bonus on Diplomacy checks and Perform (oratory) checks. In addition, once per week you can make a DC 15 Knowledge 
(local) check to see if you know a popular legendary pirate tale, the telling of which grants you a +1 trait bonus on checks made  to influence NPCs on the 
Wormwood. 
Caretaker You gain a +1 trait bonus on Heal checks, and Heal is always a class skill for you. 
Countersong (Su) You can counter magic effects that depend on sound (but not spells that have verbal components). Each round of the countersong you make a 
Perform (keyboard, percussion, wind, string, or sing) skill check. Any creature within 30 feet of you (including yourself ) that is affected by a sonic or 
language-dependent magical attack may use your Perform check result in place of its saving throw if, after the saving throw is rolled,  the Perform check 
result proves to be higher. If a creature within range of the countersong is already under the effect of a non-instantaneous sonic or language-dependent 
magical attack, it gains another saving throw against the effect each round it hears the countersong, but it must use your Pe rform skill check result for the 
save. Countersong does not work on effects that don’t allow saves. Countersong relies on audible components. 
Distraction (Su) You can use your performance to counter magic effects that depend on sight. Each round of the distraction, you make a Perform (act, comedy, dance, 
or oratory) skill check. Any creature within 30 feet of you (including yourself) that is affected by an illusion (pattern) or  illusion (figment) magical attack 
may use your Perform check result in place of its saving throw if, after the saving throw is rolled, the Perform skill check proves to be higher. If a creature 
within range of the distraction is already under the effect of a non-instantaneous illusion (pattern) or illusion (figment) magical attack, it gains another saving 
throw against the effect each round it sees the distraction, but it must use your Perform skill check result for the save. Distraction does not work o n effects 
that don’t allow saves. Distraction relies on visual components. 
Fascinate (Su) You can use your performance to cause one or more creatures to become fascinated with you. Each creature to be fascinated must be within 90 feet, able 
to see and hear you, and capable of paying attention to you. You must also be able to see the creatures affected. The distraction of a nearby combat or other 
dangers prevents this ability from working. For every three bard levels you have attained beyond 1 st, you can target one additional creature with this ability. 
Each creature within range receives a Will save (DC 10 + ½ your bard level + your Cha modifier) to negate the effect. If a creature’s saving throw succeeds, 
you cannot attempt to fascinate that creature again for 24 hours. If its saving throw fails, the creature sits quietly and ob serves the performance for as long as 
you continue to maintain it. While fascinated, a target takes a –4 penalty on all skill checks made as reactions, such as Perception checks. Any potential 
threat to the target allows the target to make a new saving throw against the effect. Any obvious threat, such as someone drawing a weapon, casting a spell, 
or aiming a weapon at the target, automatically breaks the effect. Fascinate is an enchantment (compulsion), mind-affecting ability. Fascinate relies on 
audible and visual components in order to function. 
Gifted Linguist (Ex) You gain a +4 racial bonus on Linguistics checks, and learn 2 languages each time you gain a rank in Linguistics rather than  1 language (included 
above). 
Inspire Competence (Su) You can use your performance to help an ally succeed at a task. That ally must be within 30 feet and be able to hear you. The ally gets a +2 
competence bonus on skill checks with a particular skill as long as she continues to hear your performance. This bonus  increases by +1 for every four levels 
the bard has attained beyond 3rd (+3 at 7 th, +4 at 11
th, +5 at 15
th, and +6 at 19
th). Certain uses of this ability are infeasible, such as Stealth, and may be 
disallowed at the GM’s discretion. A bard can’t inspire competence in himself. Inspire competence relies on audible components. 
Inspire Courage (Su) You can use your performance to inspire courage in your allies (including yourself), bolstering them against fear and improving their combat 
abilities. To be affected, an ally must be able to perceive your performance. An affected ally receives a +1 morale bonus on saving throws against charm and 
fear effects and a +1 competence bonus on attack and weapon damage rolls. At 5
th level, and every six bard levels thereafter, this bonus increases by +1, to a 
maximum of +4 at 17
th level. Inspire courage is a mind-affecting ability. Inspire courage can use audible or visual components. The bard must choose which 
component to use when starting his performance. 
Personal Booty You generally keep the following items within your personal locker onboard ship: crossbow bolts (205), cutlass, gems (value unknown), leather armor, 
and studded leather. 
Poverty-Stricken You gain a +1 bonus on Survival checks, and Survival is always a class skill for you. 
Reactionary You gain a +2 trait bonus on Initiative checks. 
Suggestion (Sp) You can use your performance to make a suggestion (as per the spell) to a creature you have already fascinated (see above). Using this ability does not 
disrupt the fascinate effect, but it does require a standard action to activate (in addition to the free action to continue t he fascinate effect). You can use this 
ability more than once against an individual creature during an individual performance. Making a suggestion does not count against your daily use of bardic 
performance. A Will saving throw (DC 10 + ½ your bard level + your Cha modifier) negates the effect. This ability affects only a single creature. Suggestion 
is an enchantment (compulsion), mind affecting, language-dependent ability and relies on audible components. 
Swordtrained (Ex) You are automatically proficient with sword-like weapons (including bastard swords, daggers, elven curve blades, falchions, greatswords, kukris, 
longswords, punching daggers, rapiers, scimitars, short swords, and two-bladed swords). 
Versatile Performance (Ex) You can choose one type of Perform skill. You can use your bonus in that skill in place of your bonus in associated skills. W hen 
substituting in this way, you use your total Perform skill bonus, including class skill bonus, in place of its associated  skill's bonus, whether or not you have 
ranks in that skill or if it is a class skill. At 6
th level, and every 4 levels thereafter, you can select an additional type of Perform to substitute. The types of 
Perform and their associated skills are: Act (Bluff, Disguise), Comedy (Bluff, Intimidate), Dance (Acrobatics, Fly), Keyboard Instruments (Diplomacy, 
Intimidate), Oratory (Diplomacy, Sense Motive), Percussion (Handle Animal, Intimidate), Sing (Bluff, Sense Motive), String (Bluff, Diplomacy), and Wind 
(Diplomacy, Handle Animal). 
 