

Sajan “Floating Mountain” Viraj 
Male human unchained monk 10 
LG Medium humanoid (human) 
Init +4; Senses Perception +16 
Languages Common 
DEFENSE 
AC 26, touch 23, flat-footed 21 (+3 armor, +2 deflection, +4 Dex, +1 dodge, 
+3 monk, +3 Wis) 
hp 100 (10 HD) 
Fort +11, Ref +13, Will +8; +2 vs. enchantment effects 
Defensive Abilities improved evasion; Immune disease, falling damage 
OFFENSE 
Speed 70 ft. (14 squares) 
Melee unarmed strike +16/+11 (2d6+6) or 
unarmed strike +16/+16/+11 (2d6+6) with Flurry of Blows 
Ranged javelin +14/+9 (1d6+5) 
Special Attacks flurry of blows, stunning fist (10/day, DC 18), style strike (flying kick, head-butt) 
STATISTICS 
Abilities Str 20 (+5), Dex 18 (+4), Con 14 (+2), Int 10 (+0), Wis 16 (+3), Cha 8 (–1) 
Base Atk +10; CMB +15; CMD 38 
Feats Dirty Fighting, DodgeB, Fleet (2), Just Out of Reach, Mobility
B, Skill Focus (acrobaticsB, escape artist
B), 
Spider Step, Spring AttackB, Stunning FistB 
Skills Acrobatics +23 (+49 when jumping), Climb +13, Escape Artist +23, Perception +16, Stealth +17, Swim 
+13 
SQ fast movement, focused study, ki pool (9 points; cold iron, lawful, magic, silver), ki powers (high 
jump, slow fall, sudden speed, wind jump), purity of body, still mind 
Combat Gear potions (cure light wounds 5, enlarge person 5, reduce person 5); Other Gear amulet of mighty 
fists +1, belt of physical might +2 (strength, dexterity), bracers of armor +3, cloak of resistance +2, 
feather step slippers, grappler’s mask, headband of inspired wisdom +2, javelins (6), monk’s robe, ring 
of feather falling, ring of protection +2, tender (4pp, 4gp) 
Encumbrance light 133 lb., medium 266 lb., heavy 400 lb.; Weight Carried 22 lb. 15 oz. (excluding tender) 
SPECIAL ABILITIES 
AC Bonus (Ex) When unarmored and unencumbered, you add your Wisdom bonus +3 to your AC and your 
CMD (included above). These bonuses to AC apply even against touch attacks or when you are 
flat-footed. You lose these bonuses when you are immobilized or helpless, when you wear any armor, or 
when you carry a shield or medium or greater load. 
Fast Movement (Ex) If wearing no armor and not carrying a medium load, you gain a +30 enhancement bonus 
to your base land speed. 
Flurry of Blows (Ex) You can make a flurry of blows as a full-attack action. When making a flurry of blows, 
you can make two additional attacks at your highest base attack bonus. These additional attacks stack 
with the bonus attacks from haste and other similar effects. When using this ability, you can make these 
attacks with any combination of your unarmed strikes and weapons that have the monk special weapon 
quality. You take no penalty for using multiple weapons when making a flurry of blows, but you do not 
gain any additional attacks beyond what’s already granted by the flurry for doing so. (You can still gain 
additional attacks from a high base attack bonus, from this ability, and from haste and similar effects). 
High Jump (Ex) You add your monk level as a bonus on all Acrobatics checks to jump, both for vertical jumps 
and horizontal jumps. In addition, you always count as having a running start when attempting 
Acrobatics checks to jump. By spending 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action, you gain a +20 
bonus on Acrobatics checks to jump for 1 round. 

Improved Evasion (Ex) You can avoid damage from many area-effect attacks. If you succeed at a Reflex 
saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a successful save, you instead take no 
damage. If you fail, you only take half damage. You can only use evasion while wearing light armor or 
no armor and are not helpless. 
Ki Pool (Su) You gain a pool of ki points, supernatural energy you can use to accomplish amazing feats. The 
number of points in your ki pool is equal to ½ your monk level + your Wisdom modifier. As long as you 
have at least 1 point in your ki pool, you can make a ki strike. A ki strike allows your unarmed attacks to 
be treated as cold iron, lawful, magic, silver weapons for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
By spending 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action, you can make one additional unarmed strike at 
your highest attack bonus when making a flurry of blows attack. This bonus attack stacks with all bonus 
attacks gained from flurry of blows, as well as those from haste and similar effects. The ki pool is 
replenished each morning after 8 hours of rest or meditation; these hours do not need to be consecutive. 
Purity of Body (Ex) You gain immunity to all diseases, including supernatural and magical diseases. 
Slow Fall (Su) While falling within arm’s reach of a wall you can use it to slow your descent by expending 1 
point from your ki pool. When you use this ability, you take no damage from the fall (as if using feather 
fall), but you must be adjacent to a wall for the length of the fall (although this can be used to reduce the 
damage from a fall if only part of it is adjacent to a wall). 
Still Mind (Ex) You gain a +2 bonus on saving throws against enchantment spells and effects. 
Stunning Fist (Ex) You gain Stunning Fist as a bonus feat, even if you do not meet the prerequisites. You also 
possess the ability to apply a new condition to the target of your Stunning Fist. This condition replaces 
stunning the target for 1 round, and a successful saving throw still negates the effect. You can choose to 
make the target fatigued or sickened for 1 minute. You must choose which condition to apply before the 
attack roll is made. These effects do not stack with themselves (a creature fatigued by Stunning Fist 
cannot become exhausted if hit by Stunning Fist again), but additional hits do increase the duration. 
Style Strike (Ex) You have learned a number of style strikes. Whenever you make a flurry of blows, you can 
designate one of your unarmed strikes as a style strike. This attack is resolved as normal, but it has an 
additional effect depending on the type of strike chosen. You must choose which style strike to apply 
before the attack roll is made. You can choose from any of the following strikes: 
Flying Kick: You leap through the air to strike a foe with a kick. Before the attack, you can move a 
distance equal to your fast movement bonus. This movement is made as part of your flurry of blows 
attack and does not require an additional action. At the end of this movement, you must make an attack 
against an adjacent foe. This movement may be between attacks. This movement provokes an attack of 
opportunity as normal. The attack made after the movement must be a kick. 
Head-Butt: You slam your head into your enemy’s head, leaving your foe reeling. If the attack hits 
and the foe is of the same size or one size smaller than you, you can make a free combat maneuver 
check against the target of this strike (using the base attack bonus of the attack used to hit the foe). If the 
foe is not of the same creature type as you, you take a –8 penalty on this check. If the check is 
successful, the target is staggered for 1 round. Creatures without a discernible head are not affected by 
this style strike (subject to GM discretion). You must attack with a head-butt to use this style strike. 
Sudden Speed (Su) You can spend 1 point from your ki pool as a swift action to grant yourself a sudden burst 
of speed. This increases your base land speed by 30 feet for 1 minute. 
Unarmed Strike You gain Improved Unarmed Strike as a bonus feat. Your attacks can be with fists, elbows, 
knees, and feet. This means that you can make unarmed strikes with your hands full. There is no such 
thing as an off-hand attack for a monk striking unarmed. You can apply your full Strength bonus on 
damage rolls for all your unarmed strikes. Your unarmed strikes deal lethal damage, although you can 
choose to deal nonlethal damage with no penalty on your attack roll. You can make this choice while 
grappling as well. Your unarmed strike is treated as both a manufactured weapon and a natural weapon 
for the purpose of spells and effects that enhance or improve either manufactured weapons or natural 
weapons. Your unarmed strikes also deal more damage as noted above. 
Wind Jump (Su) You can spend 1 point from your ki pool as a move action to grant yourself a fly speed (with 
perfect maneuverability) equal to your base land speed. You must end your movement each round on 

solid ground (or some other surface that can support your weight) or fall as normal. Once activated, this 
ability lasts for 1 minute. 